There were two guys at a bar. One of them was rich and the other was poor.  They both start talking and they find out their anniversary is on the same day, which is tomorrow.

Poor guy- "What did you get your wife?"
Rich Guy- "I got her a diamond ring and a Mercedes Benz."
Poor guy- "Why did you give her those??"
Rich Guy- "Because if she doesn't like the ring she can run the car off a cliff and go screw herself.  What did you get your wife?"
Poor guy- "A pair of slippers and a dildo"
Rich Guy- "Why did you give her those??"
Poor guy- "Because if she doesn't like the slippers she can go screw herself!"What do you call a cow with no legs?

Ground Beef!What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence?

Utter destruction.What's black and white and red all over?

A newspaper.So, this guy walks into a bar.

And says, "ouch".If the opposite of pro is con, isn't the opposite of progress, congress?What do you call a guy with no arms or legs floating in the ocean?

Bob!I went to a wedding the other day.  Two antennas were getting married.  It wasn't much of a wedding ceremony, but it was one heck of a reception!There's this dyslexic guy... he walked into a bra...Joel: "How's the progress on new house that you are building Pete?"
Peter: "Things are really slow at the moment."
Joel: "Yeah, I guess all this rain would be putting a dampener on things..."A white horse walked into a bar.  The barman saw him and said,  "We have a whiskey named after you!"

The horse looked puzzled and said, "What, Eric?"There was a dyslexic insomniac agnostic.

He laid awake all night wondering if there really was a Dog.What do you call 500 lawyers at the bottom of the sea?

A start.What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?

A bad golfer goes whack, dang. A bad skydiver goes dang, whack.Saddam Hussein was sitting in his office wondering who to invade next when his telephone rang. 

"Hallo! Mr. Hussein," a heavily accented voice said. "This is Paddy up in County Cavan, Ireland. I am ringing to inform you that we are officially declaring war on you!" 

"Well, Paddy," Saddam replied, "this is indeed important news! Tell me, how big is your army?" 

"At this moment in time," said Paddy after a moment's calculation, "there is myself, my cousin Sean, my next door neighbor Gerry, and the entire dominoes team from the pub-that makes 8!" 

Saddam sighed. "I must tell you Paddy that I have 1 million men in my army waiting to move on my command." 

"Begorra!" said Paddy, "I'll have to ring you back!" 

Sure enough, the next day Paddy rang back. "Right Mr. Hussein, the war is still on! We have managed to acquire some equipment!" 

"And what equipment would that be, Paddy?" Saddam asked. 

"Well, we have 2 combine harvesters, a bulldozer and Murphy's tractor from the farm." 

Once more Saddam sighed. "I must tell you, Paddy, that I have 16 thousand tanks, 14 thousand armored personnel carriers, and my army has increased to 1 and a half million since we last spoke." 

"Really?" said Paddy "I'll have to ring you back!" 

Sure enough, Paddy rang again the next day. "Right Mr. Hussein, the war is still on! We have managed to get ourselves airborne! We've modified Ted's ultralight with a couple of rifles in the cockpit and the bridge team has joined us as well!" 

Saddam was silent for a minute, then sighed. "I must tell you Paddy that I have a thousand bombers, 500 MiG 19 attack planes, my military complex is surrounded by laser-guided surface-to-air missile sites, and since we last spoke, my army has increased to 2 million." 

"Faith and begorra!" said Paddy, "I'll have to ring you back." 

Sure enough, Paddy called again the next day. "Right Mr. Hussein, I am sorry to tell you that we have had to call off the war." 

"I'm sorry to hear that," said Saddam. "Why the sudden change of heart?" 

"Well," said Paddy "We've all had a chat, and there's no way we can feed 2 million prisoners."A little old lady goes to the doctor and says, "Doctor I have this problem with wind, but it really doesn't bother me too much because they never smell and are always silent."

"As a matter of fact, I've farted at least 20 times since I've been here in your office." The doctor says, "I see, take these pills and come back to see me next week." 

The next week the lady goes back to his office. "Doctor," she says, "I don't know what you gave me, but now my farts, although still silent, stink terribly!" 

The doctor says, "Good, Now that we've cleared up your sinuses, let's work on your hearing."Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?Saddam Hussein and George W. Bush meet up in Baghdad for the first round of talks in a new peace process. When George sits down, he notices three buttons on the side of Saddam's chair.

They begin talking. After about five minutes, Saddam presses the first button. A boxing glove springs out of a box on the desk and punches Bush in the face.

Confused, Bush carries on talking as Saddam laughs. A few minutes later, the second button is pressed. This time a big boot comes out and kicks Bush in the shin. Again Saddam laughs, and again Bush carries on talking, not wanting to put off the bigger issue of peace between the two countries.

But when the third button is pressed and another boot comes out and kicks Bush in the privates, he's finally had enough, knowing that he can't do much without them functioning well.

"I'm going back home!" he tells the Iraqi. "We'll finish these talks in two weeks!"

A fortnight passes and Saddam flies to the United States for talks. As the two men sit down, Hussein notices three buttons on Bush's chair and prepares himself for the Yank's revenge.

They begin talking and George presses the first button. Saddam ducks, but nothing happens. Bush snickers. A few seconds later he presses the second button. Saddam jumps up, but again nothing happens. Bush roars with laughter. When the third button is pressed, Saddam jumps up again, and again nothing happens. Bush falls on the floor in a fit of hysterics.

"Forget this," says Saddam. "I'm going back to Baghdad!" Bush says through tears of laughter, "What Baghdad?"During the wedding rehearsal, the groom approached the pastor with an unusual offer. "Look, I'll give you $100 if you'll change the wedding vows. When you get to me and the part where I'm to promise to 'love, honour and obey' and 'forsaking all others, be faithful to her forever,' I'd appreciate it if you'd just leave that part out." He passed the minister a $100 bill and walked away satisfied.
It is now the day of the wedding, and the bride and groom have moved to that part of the ceremony where the vows are exchanged. When it comes time for the groom's vows, the pastor looks the young man in the eye and says:
"Will you promise to prostrate yourself before her, obey her every command and wish, serve her breakfast in bed every morning of your life and swear eternally before God and your lovely wife that you will not ever even look at another woman, as long as you both shall live?"
The groom gulped and looked around, and said in a tiny voice, "Yes."
The groom leaned toward the pastor and hissed, "I thought we had a deal."
The pastor put the $100 bill into his hand and whispered back, "She made me a much better offer."Doctor: Well I hope you enjoy changing diapers, Mrs Jones?
Mrs Jones: Why, Am I pregnant?
Doctor: No, you have bowel cancer!What do you call a blond with half a brain?

Gifted.Q What has two legs, and bleeds?

A Half a dog!An Essex girl walks into the local dry cleaners. She places a garment on the counter.

"I'll be back tomorrow afternoon to pick up my dress," she says.

"Come again?" says the clerk, cupping his ear.

"No" she replies. "This time it's mayonnaise."A drunk man walked up to an elevator. He pressed the up button and opened the doors before the elevator could come down to him. He fell all the way down, and said, "Darn it, I said up."Yo momma is so stupid, she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.You know you're a redneck if you introduce a friend to your wife and sister and he only has to shake one hand.A patient wakes up after having surgery to remove a gangrenous leg.

Doctor:  "I have good news and bad news."
Patient:  "What's the bad news?"
Doctor: "The bad news is that we amputated the wrong leg."
Patient: "That's terrible!  What's the good news?"
Doctor: "We think the other leg is going to make it alright."Yo momma is so fat, that to get her out of a phone booth we had to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie into the street.A man and his wife were cleaning out their attic when the man found a shoe repair stub in the pocket of an old jacket.  "Hey - check this out,"  he said to his wife, "this stub is 20 years old.  I wonder if the shop still has the shoes."
So the next day the man went to the shoe shop and asked the owner if he still had the shoes.  The owner disappeared into the back of the shop for about five minutes.
When he returned, he replied happily, "Yup, believe it or not, we've still got the shoes.  They'll be ready next Thursday."A bishop, a priest, and a Rabbi walk into a bar.

The bartender looks at them and says, "What is this, a joke?"The Pope, a hippie, and George Bush were all on a plane that was crashing.  The pilots had already jumped to safety and there were only two parachutes left.  Without a moment's hesitation, Bush grabbed a pack, yelled "I'm the most powerful man in the universe! I have to survive!", and jumped from the plane.
The Pope, being the generous man that he is, said to the hippie, "You go ahead and take the last parachute.  I'm an old man and I have lived a very full life."  
The hippie thanked the Pope but said, "Don't worry - we'll both be fine.  The most powerful man in the universe just jumped off the plane with my backpack."Economic times were very bad, so the plant owner had a difficult time finding people to work in his new factory.  In an act of desperation, he hired a tribe of cannibals.  At their orientation he made it very clear that he would not tolerate any acts of cannibalism in the plant.

Three months went by without incident, when all of a sudden a secretary disappeared without a trace.

The manager rounded up all of the cannibals.
"If I find out that one of you ate the secretary," he said, "I'm going to fire all of you!" and with that, stormed out of the room.

After he left the room, one of the cannibals stood up and said, "This is a disgrace! For months we've been eating managers and no one has even noticed!  Which one of you fools ate a secretary?!"Jim is in a hot-air balloon, completely lost.  He sees a man in a field below and flies down to him.

"Excuse me sir, but can you tell me where I am?"

The man in the field replied "You're in a balloon."

Jim said "You're an engineer, aren't you?"

"Why yes, I am.  How did you know?"

"Because you gave me a perfectly logical, yet completely useless answer."

Jim continued flying, when he saw another man in a field.  "Excuse me, sir, but can you tell me where I am?" he asked.

"Well, you're about two miles north of Ogdenville.  If you go to the west side of town you'll find an airstrip that you can safely land on."

Jim replied "Thank you very much, sir.  That was extremely helpful.  Say, I'll bet you're a manager, aren't you?"

"Why yes, I am, how did you know?"

"Because your pants are on backward".An Engineering Major says "How does it work?"

A Science Major says "Why does it work?"

An Accounting Major says "How much will it cost?"

A Liberal Arts Major says "Do you want fries with that?"How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?

Only one, but the bulb has got to WANT to change.A man was sitting next to the Pope on a cross-country flight.  The Pope was doing a crossword puzzle.  He turned to the man and asked "Do you know a four-letter word for 'woman' that ends in U-N-T?"

The man thought for a minute and said "Aunt."

"Oh yes, of course," the Pope replied.  "Do you have an eraser?"A brunette was walking down the middle of the street, saying "34...34...34" over and over again.  A blonde stopped her and asked why she was doing that.

"Oh, it's great fun," replied the brunette. "You should try it".

So the blonde walked down the street repeating "34...34...34..." when all of a sudden a car sped by and ran her over.

The brunette then started walking down the road again, saying "35...35...35..."How can you tell if a blonde woman has been dating?

By the belt buckle imprint on her forehead.What does a blonde say when she loses her virginity?

"So are you guys all on the same team?"How many lawyers does it take to shingle the roof of a house?

It depends on how thin you slice 'em.Did you hear the one about the Polish wolf?

He chewed off three legs and was still caught in the trap.A polar bear walked into a bar and said
"Can I please have a gin and............................................tonic?"
The bartender replied "Sure, but why the large pause?"
"I don't know, I've always had them!"A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bartender here?"Did you know diarhea is part of your inheritence?

Ya, it flows in our genes.It's wise to remember how easily this wonderful technology can be misused, sometimes unintentionally, with serious consequences.

Consider the case of the Illinois man who left the snow-filled streets of Chicago for a vacation in Florida. His wife was on a business trip and was planning to meet him there the next day. When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quick e-mail. Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her e-mail address, he did his best to type it in from memory.

Unfortunately, he missed one letter, and his note was directed instead to an elderly preacher's wife, whose husband had passed away only the day before. When the grieving widow checked her e-mail, she took one look at the monitor, let out a piercing
scream, and fell to the floor in a dead faint.

At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:

Dearest Wife,

Just got checked in. Everything prepared for your arrival tomorrow.

PS. Sure is hot down here.There's this guy he goes to see the doctor and says, "Doctor, Doctor, I have a terrible problem. I have a strawberry stuck up my bottom."
The doctor says, "It's ok, I'll give you some cream to put on it."The new priest is nervous about hearing confessions, so he asks an older priest to sit in on his sessions.

The new priest hears a couple confessions, then the old priest asks him to step out of the confessional for a few suggestions.

The old priest suggests, "Cross you arms over your chest, and rub your chin with one hand." The new priest tries this. The old priest suggests, "Try saying things like, 'I see,' 'yes,' 'go on,' 'I understand,' and 'how did you feel about that?'"

The new priest says those things, trying them out.
The old priest says, "Now, don't you think that's a little better than slapping your knee and saying 'No shit! What happened next?'"Before you judge someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. 
That way, when you judge them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinplA veterinarian surgeon had a bad day, but when he got home from tending to all the sick animals, his wife was waiting with a long cool drink and a romantic candle-lit dinner. After dinner, they had a few more drinks and went happily to bed.

At about 2:00 in the morning, the phone rang. "Is this the vet?" asked an elderly lady.

"Yes, it is," replied the vet, "Is this an emergency?"

"Well, sort of," said the elderly lady, "There's a whole bunch of cats on the roof outside making a terrible noise mating, and I can't get to sleep. What can I do about it?"

There was a sharp intake of breath from the vet, who then patiently replied, "Open the window and tell them they're wanted on the phone."

"Really?" said the elderly lady, "Will that stop them?"

"Well, it should," said the vet, "It stopped ME!"Six-year-old Jerry came downstairs bellowing lustily. "What's the matter?" asked his mother. "Papa was hanging pictures, and he just
hit his thumb with a hammer," said Jerry. "That's not so serious," soothed his mother. "A big man like you shouldn't cry at a trifle like that. Why didn't you just laugh?" "I did," sobbed Jerry.The tribal wisdom of the Dakota Indians, passed on from one
generation to the next, says that when you discover you are riding a dead horse, the best strategy is to dismount.

However, in modern business, because of the heavy investment factors to be taken into consideration, often other strategies have to be tried with dead horses, including the following:

1. Buying a stronger whip.

2. Changing riders.

3. Threatening the horse with termination.

4. Appointing a committee to study the horse.

5. Arranging to visit other sites to see how they ride dead horses.

6. Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included.

7. Reclassifying the dead horse as living-impaired.

8. Change the form so that it reads: "This horse is not dead."

9. Hire outside contractors to ride the dead horse.

10. Harness several dead horses together for increased speed.

11. Donate the dead horse to a recognized charity, thereby
deducting its full original cost.

12. Provide additional funding to increase the horse's performance.

13. Do a time management study to see if lighter riders would improve productivity.

14. Declare that a dead horse has lower overhead and therefore performs better.

15. Promote the dead horse to a supervisory position.What do you call a donkey with one leg?
A wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye?
A winky wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye making love?
A bonky winky wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye, making love while breaking wind?
A stinky bonky winky wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye, making love while
breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes?
A honky tonky stinky bonky winky wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye, making love while
breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes and playing piano?
A plinky plonky honky tonky stinky bonky winky wonky donkey

What do you call a donkey with one leg and one eye, making love while
breaking wind, wearing blue suede shoes, playing piano and driving a truck?
Bloody talented!An explorer in the deepest Amazon suddenly finds himself surrounded by a bloodthirsty group of cannibals. Upon surveying the situation, he says quietly to himself, "Oh God, I'm screwed."

The sky darkens and a voice booms out, "No, you are NOT screwed. Pick up that stone at your feet and bash in the head of the chief standing in front of you."

So with the stone he bashes the life out of the chief. Standing above the lifeless body, breathing heavily looking at 100 angry natives...

The voice booms out again, "Okay... NOW you're screwed."One day, two monks were in the vaults of the monastery going through the old scrolls. 
"You see, there are the originals," said the first monk. "All the new scrolls were copied from these." 

"Can I see one?" 

"Sure. This is one outlines the rules for monkdom . . " All of a sudden, the monk's face turns white and he falls to his knees. 

"What? What does it say?" 

"Celebrate. IT SAYS CELEBRATE!""Doc," says Steve, "I want to be castrated." 
"What on earth for?" asks the doctor in amazement. 

"It's something I've been thinking about it for a long time and I want to have it done" replies Steve. 

"But have you thought it through properly?" asks the doctor, "It's a very serious operation and once it's done, there's no going back. It will change your life forever!" 

"I'm aware of that and you're not going to change my mind -- either you book me in to be castrated or I'll simply go to another doctor." 

"Well, OK.", says the doctor, "But it's against my better judgment!" 

So Steve has his operation, and the next day he is up and walking very slowly, legs apart, down the hospital corridor with his drip stand. Heading towards him is another patient, who is walking exactly the same way. 

"Hi there," says Steve,"It looks as if you've just had the same operation as me." 

"Well," said the patient, "I finally decided after 37 years of life that I would like to be circumcised." 

Steve stared at him in horror and screamed, "Shit! THAT'S the word!A Scottish tourist attended his first baseball game in the US and after a base hit he hears the fans roaring "Run....Run!" 
The next batter connects heavily with the ball and the Scotsman stands up and roars with the crowd in his thick accent: "R-r-run ya bahstard, r-run will ya!" 

A third batter hits a slam and again the Scotsman, obviously pleased with his knowledge of the game, screams "R-r-run ya bahstard, r-r-run will ya!" 

The next batter steadfastly holds his swing four times and as the ump calls a walk the Scotsman stands up and yells "R-r-run ya bahstard, r-r-run!" 

All the surrounding fans giggle quietly and he sits down confused. A friendly fan, sensing his embarrassment, whispers to the Scotsman, "He doesn't have to run, he's got four balls." 

After this explanation the Scotsman stands up in disbelief and screams, "Walk with pr-r-ride man! Walk with pr-r-ride!"Two little boys go into the grocery store. One is nine, one is four. The nine-year-old grabs a box of tampons from the shelf and carries it to the register for check-out. The cashier asks "Oh, these must be for your mom, huh?" 
The nine-year-old replies, "Nope, not for my mom." Without thinking, the cashier responded, "Well, they must be for your sister then?" The nine-year-old responded, "Nope, not for my sister either."

The cashier had now become curious. "Oh. Not for your mom and not for your sister -- then who are they for?" 

The nine-year old says "They're for my four-year-old little brother." The cashier is surprised: "Your four year-old-brother?" 

The nine-year-old explains: "Well yeah, they say on TV if you wear one of these, you can swim or ride a bike -- and my little brother can't do either of those things."Stumpy and his wife Martha went to the state fair every year. Every year Stumpy would say, "Martha, I'd like to ride in that there airplane." 
And every year Martha would say, "I know Stumpy, but that airplane ride costs ten dollars, and ten dollars is ten dollars." 

One year Stumpy and Martha went to the fair and Stumpy said, "Martha, I'm 71 years old. If I don't ride that airplane this year I may never get another chance." 

Martha replied, "Stumpy, that there airplane ride costs ten dollars, and ten dollars is ten dollars." 

The pilot overheard them and said, "Folks, I'll make you a deal, I'll take you both up for a ride. If you can stay quiet for the entire ride and not say one word, I won't charge you, but if you say one word it's ten dollars." 

Stumpy and Martha agreed and up they went. The pilot did all kinds of twists and turns, rolls and dives, but not a word was heard. He did all his tricks over again, but still not a word. They landed and the pilot turned to Stumpy, "By golly, I did everything I could think of to get you to yell out, but you didn't." 

Stumpy replied, "Well, I was gonna say something when Martha fell out, but ten dollars is ten dollars."A young, beautiful woman gets into the elevator, smelling like expensive perfume. She turns to an old woman and says arrogantly, "Giorgio Beverly Hills, $100 an ounce!" 
Another young, beautiful woman gets onto the elevator and also smells of very expensive perfume. She arrogantly turns to the old woman and says, "Chanel No. 5, $150 dollars an ounce!" 

About three floors later, the old woman has reached her destination and is about to get off the elevator. Before she leaves, she looks both of the women in the eyes, farts, and says, "Broccoli, 49 cents a pound!"The train was very crowded, so the soldier walked the length of the train, looking for an empty seat. The only unoccupied seat was directly adjacent to a well-dressed middle-aged lady and was being used by her little dog.

The war-weary soldier asked: "Please, ma'am, may I sit in that seat?" The English woman looked down her nose at the soldier, sniffed and said; "You Americans, you are such a rude class of people. Can't you see my Little Fifi is using that seat?" The soldier walked away, determined to find a place to rest, but after another trip down to the end of the train, found himself again facing the woman with the dog. Again he asked: "Please, lady, may I sit there? I'm very tired." The English woman wrinkled her nose and snorted, "You Americans! Not only are you rude, you are also arrogant. Imagine!"

The soldier didn't say anything else; he leaned over, picked up the little dog, tossed it out the window of the train and sat down in the empty seat. The woman shrieked and railed, and demanded that someone defend her and chastise the soldier.

An English gentleman sitting across the aisle spoke up; "You know, sir, you Americans do seem to have a penchant for doing the wrong thing. You eat holding the fork in the wrong hand; you drive your autos on the wrong side of the road, and now, sir, you've thrown the wrong bitch out the window."A man joined a big Multi National Company as a trainee.

On his first day, he dialed the kitchen and shouted into the phone:

"Get me an fucking cup of coffee, quickly!"

The voice from the other side responded,

"You fool, you've dialed the wrong extension! Do you know who you're talking to?"

"No," replied the trainee.

"It's the Managing Director of the company, idiot!"

The trainee shouted back,

"And do you know who YOU are fucking talking to, you idiot?"

"No!" replied the Managing Director indignantly.

"Thanks for that!" replied the trainee and put down the phone.Two guys walked into a bar... you would have thought the second one would have ducked.Two cows were standing next to each other in a field.

Daisy says to Dolly, "I was artificially inseminated this morning."
"I don't believe you," said Dolly.
"It's true, straight up, no bull!"Two fish swim into a concrete wall. One turns to the other and says "Dam".A man walking along a California beach was deep in prayer.

All of sudden, he said out loud, "Lord grant me one  wish."

Suddenly the sky clouded above his head and in a booming  voice the Lord said, "Because you have TRIED to be faithful to me always, I will  grant you one wish." 

The man said, "Build a bridge to Hawaii, so I can drive over anytime I  want to."

The Lord said, "Your request is very materialistic.  Think of the logistics of that kind of undertaking. The supports required to  reach the bottom of the Pacific! The concrete and steel it would take! I can do  it, but it is hard for me to justify your desire for worldly things. 

"Take a little more time and think of another wish, a  wish you think would honour and glorify me."

The man thought about it for a long time. Finally, he  said, "Lord, I wish that I could understand women. I want to know how they feel  inside, what they are thinking when they give me the silent treatment, why they  cry, what they mean when they say 'nothing,' and how I can make a woman truly  happy." 

After a few minutes God said, "You want two lanes on that  bridge or four?"The darkest hours come just before the dawn.

So if you're going to steal your neighbour's milk and newspaper, that's the time to do it.Remember, no-one is listening until you fart.If at first you don't succeed ... avoid skydiving.Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day...

Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.There's a lovely young woman in New Zealand who is getting her house redecorated.  She is walking around the house with the builder, telling him what colors she is thinking of painting the walls.  
  They go firstly into the dining room, and she says that she'd like it painted a nice lilac color.  The builder nods, before yelling out the window, "GREEN SIDE UP!"  
  They then move into the kitchen.  The woman says she was thinking of a pale blue for this room.  The builder nods, before again yelling out the window, "GREEN SIDE UP!"  
  They then continue into one of the bedrooms, and the woman says she wanted this one a yellow color.  The builder nods once again, then yells out the window, "GREEN SIDE UP!"  
  The woman then finally turns to him with a puzzled expression, and says "Look, I have to ask.  No matter what color I ask for, you yell out the window 'Green side up', what's going on?"
  "Oh don't worry about that" says the builder "I've got a couple of Aussies laying turf out front!"What do you call a blind deer?

No idea (no eye deer.)

What do you call a blind deer with no legs?

Still no idea! (not moving [still] no eye deer)Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.A duck walked into a store one day and asked the clerk, "Do you have any grapes?" The clerk said, "No." So the duck walked out and came back the next day and said, "You got any grapes?" and the clerk said, "No." So the duck walked out and came in next time and said, "You got any grapes?" and the clerk said, "No, and if you come in again and ask if we have any grapes, I'll staple your feet to the floor." So the duck walked out and came in again and said, "You got any staples?" the clerk said, "No..." so the duck said, "You got any grapes?Your momma's so ugly, she's not bald, it's her hair running away from her face!ARKANSAS STATE RESIDENCY APPLICATION 


Name:
(_) Billy-Bob  
(_) Billy-Joe
(_) Billy-Ray 
(_) Billy-Sue 
(_) Billy-Mae 
(_) Billy-Jack 
(_) Billy-Jefferson (Check appropriate box) 

Age: ____ 
Sex: ____ M       _____ F       _____ N/A 

Shoe Size: ____ Left     ____ Right 

Occupation: 
(_)Farmer 
(_)Mechanic 
(_)Hair Dresser 
(_)Unemployed 

Spouse's Name: __________________________ 

Relationship with spouse: 
(_) Sister 
(_) Brother 
(_) Aunt 
(_) Uncle 
(_) Cousin 
(_) Mother 
(_) Father 
(_) Son 
(_) Daughter 
(_) Pet 

Number of children living in household: ___ 
Number that are yours: ___ 

Mother's Name: _______________________ 
Father's Name: _______________________ (If not sure, leave blank) 

Education: 1 2 3 4 (Circle highest grade completed) 

Do you (_)own or (_)rent your mobile home? 
(Check appropriate box) 

___ Total number of vehicles you own 
___ Number of vehicles that still crank
___ Number of vehicles in front yard 
___ Number of vehicles in back yard
___ Number of vehicles on cement blocks 

Firearms you own and where you keep them:
____ truck 
____ bedroom 
____ bathroom 
____ kitchen
____ shed 

Model and year of your pickup: ___________194_ 

Newspapers/magazines you subscribe to: 
(_)The National Enquirer 
(_)The Globe 
(_)TV Guide 
(_)Soap Opera Digest 

___ Number of times you've seen a UFO 
___ Number of times you've seen Elvis 
___ Number of times you've seen Elvis in a UFO 

How often do you bathe: 
(_)Weekly 
(_)Monthly 
(_)Not Applicable 

Color of teeth: 
(_)Yellow 
(_)Brownish-Yellow
(_)Brown 
(_)Black 
(_)N/A 

Brand of chewing tobacco you prefer: (_)Red-Man 

How far is your home from a paved road? 
(_)1 mile 
(_)2 miles 
(_)don't knowThe gap between your teeth is so big, I don't know whether to smile back or kick a field goal.You are so stupid, you took a ruler with you to bed to see how long you slept!Yo mama's so big, she had to call Sherwin-Williams to paint her toenails!Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Anita.
Anita who?
Anita really warm place to sleep tonight, it's cold out here.You're so fat, when you sit around the house, you really sit around the house.1. Your dog rides in your truck more than your wife. 
2. You wear specific hats to farm sales, livestock auctions, customer appreciation suppers, and vacations. 
3. You have ever had to wash off in the backyard with a garden hose before your wife would let you in the house. 
4. You've never thrown away a 5-gallon bucket. 
5. You can remember the fertilizer rate, seed population, herbicide rate and yields on a farm you rented 10 years ago, but cannot recall your wife's birthday. 
6. You have used a velvet leaf plant as toilet paper. 
7. You have driven off the road while examining your neighbors crops. 
8. You have borrowed gravel from the county road to fill potholes in your driveway. 
9. You have buried a dog and cried like a baby. 
10. You've used the same knife to make bull calves steers and peel apples.What do you call 32 rednecks in a room? A full set of teeth!One day there were two men walking down a dirt path. One of them had a big potato sack over his shoulder. The other decided to ask what was in the sack. 
When he asked, the man said, "I got me some chickens for dinner tonight. Mmm Mmm Mmm... Chicken sure sounds good tonight." 

The other one wanted to know how many chickens were in the sack. 

"Well, I'll tell you," replied the man, "If you can guess how many chickens I've got in this here sack I'll give them both to you."Questions and answers selected from tests in Springdale, Arkansas in 2000 to 16 year old students! (Don't laugh too hard - one of these may be the president some day.)
Name the four seasons.
Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar.

Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe to drink.
Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists.

How is dew formed?
The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire.

What is a planet?
A body of earth surrounded by sky.

What causes the tides in the oceans?
The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon. All water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum. I forget where the sun joins in this fight.

In a democratic society, how important are elections?
Very important. Sex can only happen when a male gets a election.

What are steroids?
Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs.

What happens to your body as you age?
When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental.

What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?
He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his adultery.

Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.
Premature death.

How can you delay milk turning sour?
Keep it in the cow.

How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)
The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the borax and the abdominal cavity. The branium contains the brain, the borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains the five bowels, A, E, I, O and U.

What is the Fibula?
A small lie.

What does "varicose" mean?
Nearby.

What is the most common form of birth control?
Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium.

Give the meaning of the term "Caesarean Section."
The caesarean section is a district in Rome.

What is a seizure?
A Roman emperor.

What is a terminal illness?
When you are sick at the airport.

Give an example of a fungus. What is a characteristic feature?
Mushrooms. They always grow in damp places and so they look like umbrellas.

What does the word "benign" mean?
Benign is what you will be after you be eight.

What is a turbine?
Something an Arab wears on his head.

What is a Hindu?
It lays eggs.How do you know that the toothbrush was invented by a redneck? 
If it was invented by anyone else they would have called it a "teethbrush".The Atlanta School Board, feeling left out by the fuss over "Ebonics," has decided to designate Southern slang, or "Hickphonics," as a language to be taught in all Southern schools. Here are excerpts from the Hickphonics/English dictionary: 

Hire yew - noun.  Greeting - How are you - Complete sentence.  Remainder of greeting.
Usage: "Howdy. How are you."

Bard - verb. Past tense of the infinitive "to borrow."
Usage: "My brother bard my pickup truck."

Jawjuh - noun. A state just north of Florida.  Capital is Atlanta.
Usage: "My brother from Jawjuh bard my pickup truck."

Munts - noun. A calendar division.
Usage: "My brother from Jawjuh bard my pickup truck, and I ain't herd from him in munts."

Ignert - adjective. Not smart. See "Arkansas native."
Usage: "Them N-C-TWO-A boys sure are ignert!"

Ranch - noun. A tool used for tight'nin' bolts.
Usage: "I think I left my ranch in the back of that pickup truck my brother from Jawjuh bard a few munts ago."

All - noun. A petroleum-based lubricant.  
Usage: "I sure hope my brother from Jawjuh puts all in my pickup truck."

Far - noun. A conflagration.
Usage: "If my brother from Jawjuh don't change the all in my pickup truck, that things gonna catch far."

Bahs - noun. A supervisor.
Usage: "If you don't stop reading these Southern words and git back to work (or studying), your bahs is gonna far you!"

Tar - noun. A rubber wheel.
Usage: "Gee, I hope that brother of mine from Jawjuh don't git a flat tar in my pickup truck."

Tire - noun. A tall monument.
Usage: "Lord willin' and the creek don't rise, I sure do hope to see that Eiffel Tire in Paris sometime."

Retard - Verb. To stop working.
Usage: "My grampaw retard at age 65."

Tarred - adverb. Exhausted.
Usage: "I just flew in from Hot-lanta, and boy my arms are tarred."

Fat - noun, verb. 1. a battle or combat. 2. to engage in battle or combat.

Ar - pronoun.  Possessive case of we used as a predicate adjective.

Rats - noun. Entitled power or privilege.
Usage: "We Southerners are willin' to fat for are rats."

Farn - adjective. Not local.
Usage: "I cuddint unnerstand a wurd he sed... must be from some farn country."

Did - adjective. Not alive.
Usage: "He's did, Jim."

Ear - noun. A colorless, odorless gas (unless you are in LA). 
Usage: "He cain't breath ... give 'im some ear!"

Bob war - noun. A sharp, twisted cable.
Usage: "Boy, stay away from that bob war fence."

Jew - Noun and verb contraction.  
Usage: "Jew here that my brother from Jawjuh got a job with that bob war fence cump'ny?"

Haze - a contraction.
Usage: "Is Bubba smart?" "Nah... haze ignert."  

Saw - verb, past tense.

View - contraction: verb and pronoun.
Usage: "I ain't never seed New York City... view?"  

Heavy dew - phrase. A request for action.
Usage: "Kin I heavy dew me a favor?"  

Gummit - noun. A bureaucratic institution.
Usage: "Them gummit boys shore are ignert."Dick Cheney walks into the Oval Office and sees The President whooping and hollering. 
"What's the matter, Mr. President?" the Vice President inquired.

"Nothing at all, boss. I just done finished a jigsaw puzzle in record time!" the President beamed. 

"How long did it take you?" 

"Well, the box said '3 to 5 Years' but I did it in a month!"A squad of American soldiers was patrolling the Iraqi border, when they came across a badly mangled dead body. As they got closer, they found it was an Iraqi soldier. 
A short distance up the road, they found a badly mangled American soldier in a ditch on the other side of the road, struggling to breathe. They ran to him, cradled his bruised head and asked him what had happened. 

"Well," he whispered, "I was walking down this road, armed to the teeth when I came across this heavily armed Iraqi border guard. I looked him right in the eye and shouted, 'Saddam Hussein is a moronic, deceitful, lying piece of trash!'" 

"He looked me right in the eye and shouted back, 'George W. Bush is a moronic, deceitful, lying piece of trash too!'" 

"We were standing there shaking hands when the truck hit us."Hillary Clinton died and went to Heaven. St. Peter was giving her a tour of Heaven when she noticed that there were dozens of clocks on the wall. Each clock displayed a different time of day. 
When she asked St. Peter about the clocks, he replied, "We have a clock for each person on earth and every time they tell a lie the hands move. The clock ticks off one second each time a lie is told." Special attention was given to two clocks. The clock belonging to Mother Teresa has never moved, indicating that she never told a lie. The clock for Abraham Lincoln has only moved twice. He only told two lies in his life. Hillary asked "Where is Bill's clock?"

St. Peter replied,"Jesus has it in his office... he's using it as a ceiling fan."1. Britney Spears & Eminem
who, combined, have written more books than they've read.

2. Dr. Phil McGraw 
who has managed to convince millions of women to buy his self-help books, despite the fact that his most hight-profile patient, Oprah Winfrey, is an overweight woman with serious commitment issues. 

3. America's Oil Companies
for a lifetime body of work proving that oil and water don't mix. 

4. Yasser Arafat & Ariel Sharon
for those 2 consecutive days last March when no Israelis or Palestinians killed each other. 

5. Bill Gates
for creating the X-Box and convincing Americans that their children need a $200 video game system during a recession. 

6. The Editors of Maxim
for managing to create 300 magazine pages a month using no other subjects besides beer and models. 

7. Jared
of the Subway Sandwich fame, whose claim of losing hundreds of pounds and achieving optimum health by eating nothing but oversized, greasy heroes was questioned by no one. 

8. Jennifer Lopez
who, in conjunction with DuPont, developed a synthetic fabric capable of containing her ass. 

9. That 300 Pound Guy
who always manages to jam himself into the coach seat right next to yours on coast to coast flights. 

10. Glaxo
who has managed to make "loose stools" a side effect of every one of the drugs it produces.W a t e r
1. 75% of Americans are chronically dehydrated. (Likely applies to half the world population.) 
2. In 37% of Americans, the thirst mechanism is so weak that it is often mistaken for hunger. 

3. Even MILD dehydration will slow down one's metabolism as much as 3%. 

4. One glass of water will shut down midnight hunger pangs for almost 100% of the dieters studied in a U-Washington study. 

5. Lack of water, the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue. 

6. Preliminary research indicates that 8-10 glasses of water a day could significantly ease back and joint pain for up to 80% of sufferers. 

7. A mere 2% drop in body water can trigger fuzzy short-term memory, trouble with basic math, and difficulty focusing on the computer screen or on a printed page. 

8. Drinking 5 glasses of water daily decreases the risk of colon cancer by 45%, plus it can slash the risk of breast cancer by 79%, and one is 50% less likely to develop bladder cancer. 

Are you drinking the amount of water you should every day? 

C o k e
1. In many states (in the USA) the highway patrol carries two gallons of Coke in the truck to remove blood from the highway after a car accident. 

2. You can put a T-bone steak in a bowl of coke and it will be gone in two days. 

3. To clean a toilet: Pour a can of Coca-Cola into the toilet bowl and let the "real thing" sit for one hour, then flush clean. The citric acid in Coke removes stains from vitreous China. 

4. To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a rumpled-up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca-Cola. 

5. To clean corrosion from car battery terminals: Pour a can of Coca-Cola over the terminals to bubble away the corrosion. 

6. To loosen a rusted bolt: Applying a cloth soaked in Coca-Cola to the rusted bolt for several minutes. 

7. To bake a moist ham: Empty a can of Coca-Cola into the baking pan, wrap the ham in aluminum foil, and bake. Thirty minutes before the ham is finished, remove the foil, allowing the drippings to mix with the Coke for a sumptuous brown gravy. 

8. To remove grease from clothes: Empty a can of coke into a load of greasy clothes, add detergent, and run through a regular cycle. The Coca-Cola will help loosen grease stains. It will also clean road haze from your windshield. Check it out. 

For Your Info :
1. The active ingredient in Coke is phosphoric acid. Its pH is 2.8. It will dissolve a nail in about 4 days. Phosphoric acid also leaches calcium from bones and is a major contributor to the rising increase in osteoporosis. 

2. To carry Coca-Cola syrup (the concentrate) the commercial truck must use the Hazardous material place cards reserved for highly corrosive materials. 

3. The distributors of coke have been using it to clean the engines of their trucks for about 20 years! 

Now the question is, would you like a glass of water or coke?1. Drive through the drive-thru in reverse and let your passenger order. 
2. Ask the price of almost everything on the menu and then order something that you didn't ask the price for. 
3. Tell the employee that your window is broken. Order and then pay with your door open. When the food comes, roll down the window and snatch your order from their hands. 
4. Go to McDonald's and demand a big breakfast at 11:30 at night. Put up a fight. 
5. Pay for a large order in pennies and nickels. 
6. Order in another language. Be careful what neighborhood you're in. 
7. When asked if they can take your order, tell them you are just window-shopping and drive on. 
8. Laugh sadistically when asked if you would like ketchup. 
9. Ask the cashier how they fit into that little box. 
10. If they make you wait, make them wait when they come back on. 
11. Demand to speak to the manager. When they come on, complain that you did not like the way the employee said, "May I take your order?" 
12. When asked if they can take your order say, "Why, can I take yours?" 
13. If they ask you to wait, order anyway and keep doing it till they yell at you. 
14. Pretend your car has broken down. Ask for assistance moving it. When they come out, drive away. 
15. Tell them you have to use the bathroom. 
16. Order a cup of water and two napkins. That's it. 
17. Don't order when they come on. Just sit there. If a line forms behind you, get out of the car and cause a scene. 
18. When they hand you your food, hand them a bag with all the trash from your car in it. 
19. Just stare at them when you pay and get your food. Don't break your stare. 
20. Honk your horn the whole way through the line.1. Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations.

2. Ride those little electronic cars at the front of the store. 

3. Set all the alarm clocks to go off at ten minute intervals throughout the day. 

4. Start playing football -- see how many people you can get to join in. 

5. Try on bras over top of your clothes.

6. Make a trail of orange juice on the ground, leading to the restrooms. 

7. While walking around the store, sing in your loudest voice possible "Sex and Candy." 

8. Walk up to an employee and tell him in an official tone, "I think we've got a Code 3 in Housewares." and see what happens. 

9. Tune all the radios to a polka station, then turn them all off and turn the volumes to 10. 

10. Play with the automatic doors. 

11. Walk up to complete strangers and say, "Hi! I haven't seen you in so long!..." etc. See if they play along to avoid embarrassment. 

12. While walking through the clothing department, ask yourself loud enough for all to hear, "Who BUYS this shit, anyway?"

13. Repeat Number 14 in the jewelry department. 

14. Put pairs of women's panties on your head and walk around the store casually. 

15. Leave small sacrifices or gifts in the hands of the mannequins. 

16. Play soccer with a group of friends, using the entire store as your playing field. 

17. As the cashier runs your purchases over the scanner, look mesmerized and say, "Wow, Magic!" 

18. Put M&M's on layaway. 

19. Move "Caution: Wet Floor" signs to carpeted areas. 

20. Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath. 

21. Contaminate the entire auto department by sampling all the spray air fresheners. 

22. Nonchalantly "test." the brushes and combs in Cosmetics. 

23. Drape a blanket around your shoulders and run around saying, "I'm Batman! Come, Robin -- to the Batcave!" 

24. TP as much of the store as possible. 

25. Randomly throw things over into neighboring aisles. 

26. Play with the calculators so that they all spell "hello" upside down. (0.1134) 

27. When someone asks if you need help, begin to cry and ask, "Why won't you people just leave me alone?" 

28. When two or three people are walking ahead of you, run between them, yelling, "Red Rover!" 

29. Look right into the security camera, and use it as a mirror while you pick your nose. 

30. Take up an entire aisle in Toys by setting up a full-scale battlefield with G.I. Joes vs. the X-Men. 

31. Take bets on the battle described above. 

32. Set up another battlefield with G.I. Joes vs. Barbie. (Red lipstick might give an interesting effect...) 

33. While handling guns in the hunting department, suddenly ask the clerk if he knows where the anti-depressants are. Act as spastic as possible. 

34. While no one's watching, quickly switch the men's and women's signs on the doors of the restrooms. 

35. Dart around suspiciously while humming the theme from "Mission: Impossible." 

36. Attempt to fit into very large gym bags. 

37. Attempt to fit others into very large gym bags. 

38. Fill an entire cart with boxes of condoms, and watch everyone's jaws drop when you attempt to buy them. 

39. Set up a "Valet Parking" sign in front of the store. 

40 Two words: "Marco Polo." 

41. Leave Cheerios in Lawn and Garden, pillows in the pet food aisle, etc. 

42. "Re-alphabetize" the CDs in Electronics. 

43. In the auto department, practice your "Madonna" look with various funnels. 

44. Hide in the clothing racks and when people browse through, say things like "the fat man walks alone..." and scare them into believing that the clothes are talking to them. 

45. While walking around alone, pretend someone is with you and get into a very serious conversation. E.g. The person is breaking up with you and you begin crying "How could you do this to me? I thought you loved me! I knew there was another girl, but I thought I had won." Then act as though you are being beaten and fall onto the ground screaming and having convulsions. 

46. When an announcement comes over the loudspeaker, assume the fetal position and scream, "No, no! It's those voices again!"

47. Go to an empty checkout stand and try to check people out. 

48. Drag a lounge chair on display over to the magazines and relax. If the store has a food court, buy a soft drink; explain that you don't get out much, and ask if they can put a little umbrella in it. 

49. Get a stuffed animal, go to the front of the store and begin stroking it lovingly, saying "Good girl, good Bessie."

50. Go over to the shoe department and try on every pair of shoes, not putting one pair back. Take the paper from the boxes and throw it in various aisles. 

51. When someone steps away from their cart to look at something, quickly make off with it without saying a word. 

52. Follow people through the aisles, always staying about five feet away. Continue to do this until they leave the department. 

53. Ask other customers if they have any Grey Poupon. 

54. Test the fishing rods and see what you can "catch" from the other aisles. 

55. In the makeup department, spray yourself with every perfume there is, then walk up to a boy who is with a girl and start flirting with him as ditisily as possible: "Hi! (giggle) What's your sign? (giggle)." When the boy shows no interest, start hitting on the girl the exact same way. "Hi! (giggle) What's your sign? (giggle)." 

56. Hold indoor shopping cart races. 

57. Re-dress the mannequins as you see fit. 

58. When there are people behind you, walk REALLY SLOWLY, especially through narrow aisles. 

59. Relax in the patio furniture until you get kicked out. 

60. Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap. 

61. Pay off layaways fifty cents at a time. 

62. Say things like, "Would you be so kind as to direct me to your Twinkies?" 

63. Make up nonsense products and ask newly hired employees if there are any in stock, i.e., "Do you have any Shnerples here?"

64. Ride a display bicycle through the store -- claim you're taking it for a "test drive."

65. Leave cryptic messages on the typewriters.1. Only in America . . . can a pizza get to your house faster than an ambulance.

2. Only in America . . . are there handicap parking places in front of a skating rink.

3. Only in America . . . do drugstores make the sick walk all the way to the back of the store to get their prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front.

4. Only in America . . . do people order double cheese burgers, large fries, and a diet Coke.

5. Only in America . . . do banks leave both doors to the vault open and then chain the pens to the counters.

6. Only in America . . . do we leave cars worth thousands of dollars in the driveway and put our useless junk in the garage.

7. Only in America . . . do we use answering machines to screen calls and then have call waiting so we won't miss a call from someone we didn't want to talk to in the first place.

8. Only in America . . . do we buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in packages of eight.

9. Only in America . . . do we use the word "politics" to describe the process so well: "poli" in Latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning "bloodsucking creatures."

10. Only in America . . . do they have drive-up ATM machines with Braille lettering.A first grade teacher collected well-known proverbs. She gave each kid in the class the first half of the proverb, and asked them to fill in the rest. Here's what the kids came up with: 

Better to be safe than... punch a 5th grader. 
Strike while the... bug is close. 
It's always darkest before... daylight savings time. 
Never underestimate the power of... termites. 
You can lead a horse to water but... how? 
Don't bite the hand that... looks dirty. 
No news is... impossible. 
A miss is as good as a... Mr. 
You can't teach an old dog... math. 
If you lie down with dogs, you... will stink in the morning. 
Love all, trust... me. 
The pen is mightier than... the pigs. 
An idle mind is... the best way to relax. 
Where there is smoke, there's... pollution. 
Happy is the bride who... gets all the presents. 
A penny saved is... not much. 
Two is company, three's... The Musketeers. 
None are so blind as... Helen Keller. 
Children should be seen and not... spanked or grounded. 
If at first you don't succeed... get new batteries. 
You get out of something what you... see pictured on the box. 
When the blind lead the blind... get out of the way. 
There is no fool like... Aunt Edie. 
Laugh and the whole world laughs with you. Cry and... you have to blow your nose.Alabama:
At Least We're not Mississippi

Alaska:
11,623 Eskimos Can't be Wrong!

Arizona:
But It's a Dry Heat

Arkansas:
Litterasy Ain't Everthing

California:
As Seen on TV

Colorado:
If You Don't Ski, Don't Bother

Connecticut:
Like Massachusetts, Only Dirtier and With Less Character

Delaware:
We Really Do Like the Chemicals in our Water

Florida:
Ask Us About Our Grandkids

Georgia:
Without Atlanta we're Alabama

Hawaii:
Haka Tiki Mou Sha'ami Leeki Toru
(Death to Mainland Scum, But Leave Your Money)

Idaho:
More Than Just Potatoes...
Well Okay, We're Not, But The Potatoes Sure Are Real Good

Illinois:
Please Don't Pronounce the "S"

Indiana:
2 Billion Years Tidal Wave Free

Iowa:
We Do Amazing Things With Corn

Kansas:
First Of The Rectangle States

Kentucky:
Five Million People; Seven Last Names

Louisiana:
We're Not All Drunk Cajun Wackos,
But That's Our Tourism Campaign

Maine:
We're Really Cold,
But We Have Cheap Lobster

Maryland:
A Thinking Man's Delaware

Massachusetts:
Our Taxes Are Lower Than Sweden's

Michigan:
First Line of Defense From the Canadians

Minnesota:
10,000 Lakes and 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 Mosquitoes

Mississippi:
Come Feel Better About Your Own State

Missouri:
Your Federal Flood Relief Tax Dollars at Work

Montana:
Land of the Big Sky, the Unabomber, Right-Wing Crazies, and Very Little Else

Nebraska:
Ask About Our State Motto Contest

Nevada:
Whores and Poker!

New Hampshire:
Go Away and Leave Us Alone

New Jersey:
You Want a ##$%##! Motto?
I Got Yer ##$%##! Motto Right Here!

New Mexico:
Lizards Make Excellent Pets

New York:
You Have the Right to Remain Silent, You Have the Right to an Attorney...

North Carolina:
Tobacco is a Vegetable

North Dakota:
We Really are One of the 50 States!

Ohio:
We Wish We Were In Michigan

Oklahoma:
Like the Play, only No Singing

Oregon:
Spotted Owl... It's What's For Dinner

Pennsylvania:
Cook With Coal

Rhode Island:
We're Not REALLY An Island

South Carolina:
We Have Never Actually Surrendered to the North

South Dakota:
Closer Than North Dakota

Tennessee:
The Educashun State

Texas:
A Whole 'Nother Country!

Utah:
Our Jesus Is Better Than Your Jesus

Vermont:
Yep

Virginia:
Who Says Government Stiffs and Slackjaw Yokels Don't Mix?

Washington:
Help! We're Overrun By Nerds and Slackers!

Washington, D.C.:
Wanna Be Mayor?

West Virginia:
One Big Happy Family -- Really!

Wisconsin:
Come Cut Our Cheese

Wyoming:
Wynot?Q: What is your date of birth? 
A: July fifteenth. 
Q: What year? 
A: Every year. 

Q: This myasthenia gravis - does it affect your memory at all? 
A: Yes. 
Q: And in what ways does it affect your memory? 
A: I forget. 
Q: You forget. Can you give us an example of something that you've forgotten? 

Q: All your responses must be oral, okay? What school did you go to? 
A: Oral. 

Q: How old is your son - the one living with you. 
A: Thirty-eight or thirty-five, I can't remember which. 
Q: How long has he lived with you? 
A: Forty-five years. 

Q: What was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke that morning? 
A: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?" 
Q: And why did that upset you? 
A: My name is Susan. 

Q: Sir, what is your IQ? 
A: Well, I can see pretty well, I think. 

Q: Do you know if your daughter has ever been involved in the voodoo occult? 
A: We both do. 
Q: Voodoo? 
A: We do. 
Q: You do? 
A: Yes, voodoo. 

Q: Now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning? 

Q: The youngest son, the twenty-year old, how old is he?

Q: Were you present when your picture was taken? 
Q: Was it you or your younger brother who was killed in the war? 

Q: Did he kill you? 

Q: How far apart were the vehicles at the time of the collision? 

Q: You were there until the time you left, is that true? 

Q: How many times have you committed suicide? 

Q: So the date of conception (of the baby) was August 8th? 
A: Yes. 
Q: And what were you doing at that time? 

Q: She had three children, right? 
A: Yes. 
Q: How many were boys? 
A: None. 
Q: Were there any girls? 

Q: You say the stairs went down to the basement? 
A: Yes. 
Q: And these stairs, did they go up also? 

Q: Mr. Slattery, you went on a rather elaborate honeymoon, didn't you? 
A: I went to Europe, sir. 
Q: And you took your new wife? 

Q: How was your first marriage terminated? 
A: By death. 
Q: And by whose death was it terminated? 

Q: Can you describe the individual? 
A: He was about medium height and had a beard. 
Q: Was this a male, or a female? 

Q: Is your appearance here this morning pursuant to a deposition notice which I sent to your attorney? 
A: No, this is how I dress when I go to work. 

Q: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people? 
A: All my autopsies are performed on dead people. 
Q: Do you recall the time that you examined the body? 
A: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m. 
Q: And Mr. Dennington was dead at the time? 
A: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy.(Setting: A furious lightsaber duel is underway. Darth Vader is backing Luke Skywalker towards the end of the gantry. A quick move by Vader chops off Luke's hand. It goes spinning off into the ventilation shaft. Luke backs away. He looks around, but realizes there's nowhere to go but straight down....)

Darth Vader: Obi Wan never told you what happened to your father. 
Luke: He told me enough! He told me you killed him! 
Darth Vader: No, Luke... I am your father! 
Luke: No! It's not true! It's impossible. 
Darth Vader: Search your feelings... you know it to be true. 
Luke: NO! 
Darth Vader: Yes, it is true... and you know what else? You know that brass droid of yours? 
Luke: Threepio? 
Darth Vader: Yes, C-3PO. I built him -- when I was only seven years old. 
Luke: No! 
Darth Vader: Seven years old! And what have you done? Look at yourself: No lightsaber, no hand, no job and couldn't even levitate your own ship out of the swamp. 
Luke: I destroyed the Death Star! 
Darth Vader: When you were 20! When I was ten, I single-handedly destroyed a Trade Federation Droid Control ship! 
Luke: Well, it's not my fault... 
Darth Vader: Oh, here we go... &#8220;Poor me! My father never gave me what I wanted for my birthday... boo hoo, my daddy's the Dark Lord of the Sith...waahhh wahhh!&#8221; 
Luke: Shut up. 
Darth Vader: You're a slacker! By the time I was your age, I had exterminated the Jedi knights! 
Luke: I used to race my T-16 through Beggar's Canyon! 
Darth Vader: Oh, for the love of the Emperor...! Listen, ten years old and winner of the Boonta Eve Open, the only human to ever fly a Pod Racer -- right here, baby! 
(Luke looks down the shaft. Takes a step towards it.) 
Darth Vader: I was wrong. You're not my kid. I don't know whose you are, but you sure ain't mine. (Luke takes a step off the platform, hesitates, then plunges down the shaft. Darth Vader looks after him.) 
Darth Vader: Get a haircut!At one point during a game, the coach said to one of his young players, "Do you understand what cooperation is? What a team is?" 
The little boy nodded in the affirmative. 

"Do you understand that what matters is whether we win together as a team?" 

The little boy nodded yes. 

"So," the coach continued, "when a strike is called, or you're out at first, you don't argue or curse or attack the umpire. Do you understand all that?" 

Again the little boy nodded. 

"Good," said the coach, "now go over there and explain it to your mother."In a class on abnormal psychology, the instructor was about to introduce the subject of manic depression. 
The instructor asked, "How would you diagnose a patient who walks back and forth, screaming at the top of his lungs one minute, then sits in a chair weeping uncontrollably the next?" 

A young man in the rear raised his hand and suggested earnestly, "A basketball coach?"G. W. Bush was very depressed that people were saying he is stupid. So he calls his good friend Queen Elizabeth, who says, "Now George, what you need to do is to surround yourself with smart people. Let me show you." 
She conference calls Tony Blair in and asks, "Tony, your parents had a baby. It isn't your sister and it isn't your brother. Who is it?" 

Tony Blair replies, "It's me!" and hangs up. 

G.W. Bush then calls Dick Cheney and says, "Dick, your parents had a baby. It isn't your sister and it isn't your brother. Who is it?" 

And Cheney says, "Wow, that's a tough one. Let me get back to you." 

So Cheney calls Colin Powell and says, "Colin, your parents had a baby. It isn't your sister and it isn't your brother. Who is it?" 

And Colin Powell says, "It's me!" 

So Cheney calls Bush and says, "It's Colin Powell." 

And Bush says, "No, you idiot! It's Tony Blair!"OBJECTIVE
To sit in a cubicle and stare at a monitor for eight hours, occasionally looking attentive when approached by a superior. 
EDUCATION
School: Very Expensive 
Major: Not Important 
GPA: Don't Ask 

EMPLOYMENT
NETWORK MANAGEMENT (9/96-Present) Produced daily itinerary of television programs to watch. Duties included changing channels, avoiding infomercials, and staying tuned after those messages. 
DEBT CONSOLIDATION (4/97-12/99) Using various tools such as credit cards and borrowed cash, I managed to combine groups of unpaid bills into one monthly bill that goes straight to my father.
RESIDENT INHALER (9/98-6/99) Assisted all students with chemical intake from purchasing to exhaling. 

COMPUTER SKILLS
*Solitaire *Minesweeper *On/Off Repair Method HONORS AND AWARDS
*First Place in Miller Lite Funnel Tournament *Said Toast at brother's wedding *High Score on Theta Chi's Pin Ball Machine 

For further references, contact my mother. For positive responses, please pose all questions as though you're considering me as a law school applicant."Did ya hear I got married?" 
"Oh, that's good." 
"No, that's bad! She's ugly!" 
"Oh, that's bad." 
"No, that's good! She's rich." 
"Oh, that's good!" 
"No, that's bad! She won't give me a cent." 
"Oh, that's bad." 
"No, that's good! She bought me servants and a big house" 
"Oh, that's good." 
"No, that's bad! The house burnt down." 
"Oh, that's bad." 
"No, that's good! She was in it."A blonde walks into the police department looking for a job. The officer wants to ask her a few questions.... 
Officer: What's 2+2? 

Blonde: Ummmmm... 4! 

Officer: What's the square root of 100? 

Blonde: Ummmm... 10! 

Officer: Good! Now, who killed Abraham Lincoln? 

Blonde: Ummmm... I dunno. 

Officer: Well, you can go home and think about it. Come back tomorrow. 

The blonde goes home and calls up one of her friends, who asks her if she got the job. The blonde says, excitedly, "Not only did I get the job, I'm already working on a murder case!"I think Santa Claus is a woman... I hate to be the one to defy sacred myth, but I believe he's a she. Think about it. Christmas is a big, organized, warm, fuzzy, nurturing social deal, and I have a tough time believing a guy could possibly pull it all off! 
For starters, the vast majority of men don't even think about selecting gifts until Christmas Eve. It's as if they are all frozen in some kind of ebenezerian Time Warp until 3 p.m. on Dec. 24th, when they - with amazing calm - call other errant men and plan for a last-minute shopping spree. Once at the mall, they always seem surprised to find only Ronco products, socket wrench sets, and mood rings left on the shelves. You might think this would send them into a fit of panic and guilt, but my husband tells me it's an enormous relief because it lessens the 11th hour decision-making burden. On this count alone, I'm convinced Santa is a woman. Surely, if he were a man, everyone in the universe would wake up Christmas morning to find a rotating, musical Chia Pet under the tree, still in the bag. 

Another problem for a he-Santa would be getting there. First of all, there would be no reindeer because they would all be dead, gutted, and strapped onto the rear bumper of the sleigh amid wide-eyed, desperate claims that buck season had been extended. Blitzen's rack would already be on the way to the taxidermist. 

Even if the male Santa DID have reindeer, he'd still have transportation problems because he would inevitably get lost up there in the snow and clouds and then refuse to stop and ask for directions. Add to this the fact that there would be unavoidable delays in the chimney, where the Bob Vila-like Santa would stop to inspect and repoint bricks in the flue. He would also need to check for carbon monoxide fumes in every gas fireplace, and get under every Christmas tree that is crooked to straighten it to a perfectly upright 90-degree angle. 

Other reasons why Santa can't possibly be a man: 

* Men can't pack a bag.
* Men would rather be dead than caught wearing red velvet.
* Men would feel their masculinity is threatened... having to be seen with all those elves.
* Men don't answer their mail.
* Men would refuse to allow their physique to be described even in jest as anything remotely resembling a "bowlful of jelly."
* Men aren't interested in stockings unless somebody's wearing them.
* Having to do the Ho Ho Ho thing would seriously inhibit their ability to pick up women.
* Finally, being responsible for Christmas would require a commitment. 

I can buy the fact that other mythical characters are men... Father Time shows up once a year unshaven and looking ominous. Definite guy. Cupid flies around carrying weapons. Uncle Sam is a politician who likes to point fingers. Any one of these individuals could pass the testosterone-screening test. But not St. Nick. Not a chance. However, as long as we have each other, good will, peace on earth, faith and Nat King Cole's version of "The Christmas Song," it probably makes little difference what gender Santa is. I just wish she'd quit dressing like a guy.Tech Support  

Just in case you think you are TC (technologically challenged). The following is an excerpt taken from a Wall Street Journal article:

    1. Compaq is considering changing the command "Press Any Key" to "Press Return Key" because of the flood of calls asking where the "Any" key is.

    2. AST technical support had a caller complaining that her mouse was hard to control with the dust cover on. The cover turned out to be the plastic bag the mouse was packaged in.

    3. Another Compaq technician received a call from a man complaining that the system wouldn't read word processing files from his old diskettes. After trouble-shooting for magnets and heat failed to diagnose the problem, it was found that the customer had labeled the diskettes, then rolled them into the typewriter to type the labels.

    4. Another AST customer was asked to send a copy of her defective diskettes. A few days later a letter arrived from the customer along with photocopies of the floppies.

    5. A Dell technician advised his customer to put his troubled floppy back in the drive and close the door. The customer asked the tech to hold on, and was heard putting the phone down, getting up and crossing the room to close the door to his room.

    6. Another Dell customer called to say he couldn't get his computer to fax anything. After 40 minutes of trouble-shooting, the technician discovered the man was trying to fax a piece of paper by holding it in front of the monitor screen and hitting the "send" key.

    7. Yet another Dell customer called to complain that his keyboard no longer worked. He had cleaned it by filling up his tub with soap and water and soaking the keyboard for a day, then removing all the keys and washing them individually.

    8. A Dell technician received a call from a customer who was enraged because his computer had told him he was "bad and an invalid". The tech explained that the computer's "bad command" and "invalid" responses shouldn't be taken personally.

    9. A confused caller to IBM was having troubles printing documents. He told the technician that the computer had said it "couldn't find printer". The user had also tried turning the computer screen to face the printer - but that his computer still couldn't "see" the printer.

    10. An exasperated caller to Dell Computer Tech Support couldn't get her new Dell Computer to turn on. After ensuring the computer was plugged in, the technician asked her what happened when she pushed the power button. Her response, "I pushed and pushed on this foot pedal and nothing happens." The "foot pedal" turned out to be the computer's mouse.

    11. Another customer called Compaq tech support to say her brand-new computer wouldn't  work. She said she unpacked the unit, plugged it in and sat there for 20 minutes waiting for something to happen. When asked what happened when she pressed the power switch, she asked "What power switch?"

    12. True story from a Novell NetWire SysOp:

Caller: "Hello, is this Tech Support?"
Tech: "Yes, it is. How may I help you?"
Caller: "The cup holder on my PC is broken and I am within my warranty period. How do I go about getting that fixed?"
Tech: "I'm sorry, but did you say a cup holder?"
Caller: "Yes, it's attached to the front of my computer."
Tech: "Please excuse me if I seem a bit stumped, It's because I am. Did you receive this as part of a promotional, at a trade show? How did you get this cup holder? Does it   have any trademark on it?"
Caller: "It came with my computer, I don't know anything about a promotional. It just has '4X' on it." At this point the Tech Rep had to mute the caller, because he couldn't stand it. He was laughing too hard. The caller had been using the load drawer of the CD-ROM drive as a cup holder, and snapped it off the drive!

    13. Another IBM customer had troubles installing software and rang for support. "I put in the first disk, and that was OK. It said to put in the second disk, and had some problems with the disk. When it said to put in the third disk - I couldn't even fit it in..." The user hadn't realized that "Insert Disk 2" meant to remove Disk 1 first.

    14. In a similar incident, a customer had followed the instructions for installing software. The instructions said to remove the disk from it's cover and insert into the drive. The user had physically removed the casing of the disk and wondered why there were problems.

    As Ripley would say, believe it or not!I called a company and asked to speak to Bob. The person who answered said, "Bob is on vacation. Would you like to hold?" 
I worked with an individual who plugged their power strip back into itself and for the life of them could not understand why their computer would not turn on. 
"Do you know anything about this fax-machine?" 
"A little. What's wrong?" 
"Well, I sent a fax, and the recipient called back to say all she received was a cover-sheet and a blank page. I tried it again, and the same thing happened." 
"How did you load the sheet?" 
"It's a pretty sensitive memo, and I didn't want anyone else to read it by accident. So I folded it so only the recipient could open it and read it." 

I recently saw a distraught young lady weeping beside her car. "Do you need some help?" I asked. 
"I knew I should have replaced the battery in this remote control door unlocker. Now I can't get into my car. Do you think that store would have a battery for this?" 
"Hmmm, I dunno. Do you have an alarm, too?" I asked. 
"No, just this remote," she answered, handing it and the car keys to me. 
As I took the keys and manually unlocked the door, I said, "Why don't you drive over there and check about the batteries? It's a long walk." 

Tech Support: What does the screen say now?
Caller: It says 'Hit ENTER when ready.'
Tech Support: Well?
Caller: How do I know when it's ready? 

A man moved to New Mexico and called his credit company to change his address. When he told the girl where he was moving, she told him that she couldn't help him since they didn't issue cards outside of the United States! 

My friend called his car insurance company to tell them to change his address from Texas to Vermont. The woman who took the call asked where Vermont was. As he tried to explain, she interrupted and said, "Look, I'm not stupid or anything, but what state is it in?" 

Several years ago, we had an intern who was none too swift. One day, he was typing and turned to a secretary and said, "I'm almost out of typing paper. What do I do?" 
"Just use copier machine paper," she told him. 
With that, the intern took his last remaining blank piece of paper, put it on the photocopier and proceeded to make five blank copies. 

One of our servers crashed. I was watching our new system administrator trying to restore it. He inserted a CD and needed to type a path name to a directory named "i386." 
He started to type it and paused, asking me, "Where's the key for that line thing?" 
I asked what he was talking about, and he said, "You know, that one that looks like an upside-down exclamation mark." 
I replied, "You mean the letter 'i'?" 
And he said, "Yeah, that's it!" 

I was in a car dealership a while ago when a large motor home was towed into the garage. The front of the vehicle was in dire need of repair and the whole thing generally looked like it had been an extra in "Twister." I asked the manager what had happened. He told me that the driver had set the cruise control, and then went in back to make a sandwich.Stupid people should have to wear signs that just say, "I'm Stupid." That way you wouldn't rely on them, would you? You wouldn't ask them anything. It would be like, "Excuse me...oops, never mind. I didn't see your sign."

    It's like before my wife and I moved. Our house was full of boxes and there was a U-Haul truck in our driveway. My friend comes over and says "Hey, you moving?" "Nope. We just pack our stuff up once or twice a week to see how many boxes it takes. Here's your sign."

    A couple of months ago I went fishing with a buddy of mine, we pulled his boat into the dock, I lifted up this big 'ol stringer of bass and this idiot on the dock goes, "Hey, y'all catch all them fish?" "Nope; talked 'em into giving up. Here's your sign."

    I was watching one of those animal shows on the Discovery Channel. There was a guy inventing a shark bite suit; and there's only one way to test it. "Alright Jimmy, you got that shark suit on, it looks good... They want you to jump into this pool of sharks, and you tell us if it hurts when they bite you." "Well, all right, but hold my sign. I don't wanna lose it."

    Last time I had a flat tire, I pulled my truck into one of those side-of-the-road gas stations. The attendant walks out, looks at my truck, looks at me, and I SWEAR he said, "Tire go flat?" I couldn't resist. Said, "Nope. I was driving around and those other three just swelled right up on me. Here's your sign."

    We were trying to sell our car about a year ago. A guy came over to the house and drove the car around for about 45 minutes. We get back to the house, he gets out of the car, reaches down and grabs the exhaust pipe, then says, "Darn that's hot!" See? If he'd been wearing his sign, I could have stopped him.

    I learned to drive an 18 wheeler in my days of adventure. Wouldn't ya know I misjudged the height of a bridge. The truck got stuck and I couldn't get it out no matter how I tried. I radioed in for help and eventually a local cop shows up to take the report. He went through his basic questioning ok, no problem. I thought sure he was clear of needing a sign until he asked "So..is your truck stuck?" I couldn't help myself! I looked at him, looked back at the rig and then back to him and said "No, I'm delivering a bridge... here's your sign."WINDERS 98  

MICROSOFT NEWS RELEASE:
It has come to our attention that a few copies of the Georgia edition of Windows 98 may have accidentally been shipped outside Georgia. If you have one of the Georgia editions you may need some help understanding the commands.
The Georgia edition may be recognized by looking at the opening screen.


    It reads WINDERS 98 with a background picture of the General Lee super imposed on a Confederate flag. It is shipped with a Daisy Duke screen saver.

Also note:

Recycle Bin is labeled Outhouse
My Computer is called This Infernal Contraption
Dialup Networking is called Good Ol' Boys
Control Panel is known as the Dern Dashboard
Hard Drive is referred to as 4 wheel drive
Floppies are them little ole plastic disc thangs.

Other features:

    Instead of an error message you get a winder covered with a garbage bag and duct tape.

OK = ats aww-right
cancel = hail no
reset = awa shoot
yes = shore
no = Naaaa
find = hunt-fer it
go to = over yonder
back = back yonder
help = hep me out here
stop = ternit off
start = crank it up
settings = sittins
programs = stuff that does stuff
documents = stuff I done done

    Also note that winders 98 does not recognize capital letters or punctuation marks.

    Some programs that are exclusive to winders 98:

tiperiter................A word processor
colering book............a graphics program
addin mershene...........calculator
scratch paper ...........notepad
jupe-box ................CD Player
inner-net................Microsoft Explorer
pichers..................A graphics viewer
IRS......................M/S accounting software
IRS2.....................M/S accounting software with hidden files
coon dog.................American kennel club records
fishin...................Bass Anglers Sportsman Society records.
NRA......................National Rifle Association
shot gun ................Remington Arms price list
riffel...................Winchester price list
pisstel..................Smith & Wesson price list
truck....................Ford & Chevrolet dealers in GA. by zip code
house....................Nearest Mobil home repair service by zip code
car .....................same as truck, just need two lists in Texas
cuzzins..................family history usually a 3 meg file
tax records..............usually an empty file
shells...................ammunition inventory, another 3 meg file
bud......................list of Budwiser dealers by zip code
racin....................NASCAR racing schedule includes list of TV stations that carry the race car n' truck
Parts.......nearest Junk yard by zip code
doc .....................veterinarians by zip code

    We regret any inconvenience it may have caused if you received a copy of the Georgia edition. You may return it to Microsoft for a replacement version.A programmer was crossing a road one day when a frog called out to him and said, "If you kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess." He bent over, picked up the frog and put it in his pocket. The frog spoke up again and said, "If you kiss me and turn me back into a beautiful princess, I will stay with you for one week." 
The programmer took the frog out of his pocket, smiled at it and returned it to the pocket. The frog then cried out, "If you kiss me and turn me back into a princess, I'll stay with you and do anything you want." Again the programmer took the frog out, smiled at it and put it back into his pocket. 
Finally, the frog asked, "What is the matter? I've told you I'm a beautiful princess that I'll stay with you for a week and do anything you want. Why won't you kiss me?" The programmer said, "Look, I'm a programmer. I don't have time for a girlfriend -- but a talking frog, now that's cool."This middle-aged guy wakes up one morning and notices that his eyes are bulging and his ears are protruding. He becomes very concerned, so he goes to his doctor and asks him what is wrong with him. The doctor told him that he has a rare disease that will require him to take this medication for several months to clear up the disease; however the medication will make his hair fall out permanently. 
Several months later the guy's eyes are still bulging and his ears are still protruding - more so now that his hair is gone, so this time he goes to a different doctor who informs him that he has a prostate problem and that they will have to remove his testicles. The guy has the surgery only to find his eyes are still bulging and his ears are still protruding. 

Determined to find out what is wrong with him, he goes to another doctor who tells him that the nerves in his hands are pinching the nerve endings in his ears and his eyes and the only way to resolve the problem is to have his hands amputated. Sadly, the guy lets his hands be amputated. 

On a follow-up visit to this doctor the doctor informs him that while they were doing the surgery on his hands, they made a deadly mistake and that he only has months to live. The guy is hysterical at this point and resolves that if he only has months to live he is going to live it up, so he goes out to buy a brand new sports car, new furniture, and a new wardrobe. However, when he went to order some custom shirts, the tailor told him he took a 17-inch neck. 

"No, I've always taken a 15-inch neck." 

"But sir, you have a 17-inch neck." 

"Listen - I'm 45 years old, and for the past 30 years I've taken a 15-inch neck." 

"Okay, I'll do it. But you do know what happens when the neck is too small?" 

"What?" 

"It makes your eyes bulge and your ears protrude."A southern minister was completing a temperance sermon. With great expression he said, ''If I had all the beer in the world, I'd take it and pour it into the river.'' With even greater emphasis he said, ''And if I had all the wine in the world, I'd take it and pour it into the river.'' And then finally, he said, ''And if I had all the whiskey in the world, I'd take it and pour it into the river.'' Sermon complete, he then sat down. 
The song leader stood very cautiously and announced, "And today we will let someone in the crowd pick our closing song." A Alabama man raised his hand and said, "Fer are closin song, we gonna sing dat one Hymn #365: 'Shall We Gather at the River.'''This is a true story from the WordPerfect helpline. Needless to say, the help desk employee was fired; however, he/she is currently suing the Word Perfect organization for "Termination without Cause."

Actual dialogue of a former WordPerfect Customer Support employee with a caller:

"Ridge Hall computer assistant; may I help you?"

"Yes, well, I'm having trouble with WordPerfect."

"What sort of trouble?"

"Well, I was just typing along, and all of a sudden the words went away."

"Went away?"

"They disappeared."

"Hmm. So what does your screen look like now?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"It's blank; it won't accept anything when I type."

"Are you still in WordPerfect, or did you get out?"

"How do I tell?"

"Can you see the C: prompt on the screen?"

"What's a sea-prompt?"

"Never mind. Can you move the cursor around on the screen?"

"There isn't any cursor, I told you, it won't accept anything I type."

"Does your monitor have a power indicator?"

"What's a monitor?"

"It's the thing with the screen on it that looks like a TV.  Does it have a little light that tells you when it's on?"

"I don't know."

"Well, then look on the back of the monitor and find where the power cord goes into it. Can you see that?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Great. Follow the cord to the plug, and tell me if it's plugged into the wall."

".......Yes, it is."

"When you were behind the monitor, did you notice that there were two cables plugged into the back of it, not just one?"

"No."

"Well, there are. I need you to look back there again and find the other cable."

".......Okay, here it is."

"Follow it for me, and tell me if it's plugged securely into the back of your computer."

"I can't reach."

"Uh huh. Well, can you see if it is?"

"No."

"Even if you maybe put your knee on something and lean way over?"

"Oh, it's not because I don't have the right angle - it's because it's dark."

"Dark?"

"Yes - the office light is off, and the only light I have is coming in  from the window."

"Well, turn on the office light then."

"I can't."

"No? Why not?"

"Because there's a power outage."

"A power... A power outage? Ah, okay, we've got it licked now. Do you still have the boxes and manuals and packing stuff your computer came in?" 

"Well, yes, I keep them in the closet."

"Good. Go get them, and unplug your system and pack it up just like it was when you got it. Then take it back to the store you bought it from."

"Really? Is it that bad?"

"Yes, I'm afraid it is."

"Well, all right then, I suppose. What do I tell them?"

"Tell them you're too stupid to own a computer."TWO POINT GAGS

Run one lap around the office at top speed
Groan out loud in the bathroom cubicle (at least one other 'no-player' must be in the bathroom at the time)
Ignore the first five people who say 'good morning' to you
Phone someone in the office you barely know, leave your name and say "Just called to say I can't talk right now. Bye"
To signal the end of a conversation, clamp your hands over your ears and grimace.
When someone hands you a piece of paper, finger it, and whisper huskily,"Mmmmmmm, that feels soooooo good!"
Leave your zipper open for one hour. If anyone points it out, say, "Sorry, I really prefer it this way"
Walk sideways to the photocopier.
While riding an elevator, gasp dramatically every time the doors open.

    THREE-POINT GAGS

Say to your boss, "I like your style" and shoot him with double-barrelled fingers
Babble incoherently at a fellow employee then ask "Did you get all that, I don't want to have to repeat it"
Page yourself over the intercom (do not disguise your voice)
Kneel in front of the water cooler and drink directly from the nozzle (there must be a 'non-player' within sight).
Shout random numbers while someone is counting.

    FIVE POINT GAGS

At the end of a meeting, suggest that, for once, it would be nice to conclude with the singing of the national anthem (extra points if you actually launch into it yourself).
Walk into a very busy person's office and while they watch you with growing irritation, turn the light switch on/off 10 times.
For an hour, refer to everyone you speak to as 'Bob'.
Announce to everyone in a meeting that you "really have to go do number two".
After every sentence, say 'mon' in a really bad Jamacian accent.
As in, "the report's on your desk, mon". Keep this up for one hour.
While an office mate is out, move their chair into the elevator.
In a meeting or crowded situation, slap your forehead repeatedly and mutter, "Shut up, damm it, all of you just shut up!"
At lunchtime, get down on your knees and announce "As God is my witness, I'll never go hungry again".
In a colleagues diary, write in 10am: "See how I look in tights".
Carry your keyboard over to your colleague and ask "You wanna trade?"
Repeat the following conversation 10 times to the same person: "Do you hear that?" "What?" "Never mind, it's gone now"
Come to work in army fatigues and when asked why, say, "I can't talk  about it"
Posing as a maitre d', call a colleague and tell him he's won a lunch for four at a local resturant. Let him go.
Speak with an accent (French, German, Porky Pig, etc) during a very important conference call.
Find the vacuum and start vacuuming around your desk.
Hang a two-foot long piece of toilet roll from the back of your pants and act genuinely surprised when someone points it out.
Rollerblade around the floor throwing sweetsIntroductory Chemistry at Duke has been taught for about 50 years by Professor Bonk (really), and his course is semi-affectionately known as "Bonkistry". He has been around forever, so I wouldn't put it past him to come up with something like this. 
Anyway, one year there were these two guys who were taking Chemistry and who did pretty well on all of the quizzes and the mid-terms and labs, etc., such that going into the final they had a solid A. These friends were so confident going into the final that the weekend before finals week (even though the Chem final was on Monday), they decided to go up to U Virginia and party with some friends up there. 

They did this and had a great time. However, with their hangovers and everything, they overslept all day Sunday and didn't make it back to Duke until early Monday morning. Rather than taking the final then, they found Professor Bonk after the final and explained to him why they missed the final. They told him that they went up to UVA for the weekend, and had planned to come back in time to study, but that they had a flat tire on the way back and didn't have a spare and couldn't get help for a long time and so were late getting back to campus. 

Bonk thought this over and then agreed that they could make up the final on the following day. The two guys were elated, relieved and very proud of their story. So, they studied that night and went in the next day at the time Bonk had told them. He placed them in separate rooms and handed each of them a test booklet and told them to begin. 

They looked at the first problem, which was something simple about molarity and solutions and was worth 5 points. "Cool," they thought, "this is going to be easy." They did that problem and turned the page. They were unprepared, however, for what they saw on the next page... 

WHICH TIRE? (95 points)One Sunday a pastor asked his congregation to consider giving a little extra in the offering plate. He said that whoever gave the most would be able to pick out three hymns. 
After the offering plates were passed, the pastor glanced down and noticed that someone had contributed a $1,000 bill. He was so excited that he immediately shared his joy with his congregation, and said he'd like to personally thank the person who had placed the money in the plate. 

A very quiet, elderly, saintly widow shyly raised her hand. The pastor asked her to come to the front. Slowly she made her way to the pastor. He told her how wonderful it was that she gave so much and asked her to pick out three hymns. 

Her eyes brightened as she looked over the congregation, pointed to the three handsomest men in the building and said, "I'll take him and him and him."Two guys were attending a party in the woods, when all of a sudden, the skies opened up and rained torrents on everybody. They ran for their car, jumped in, and gunned it. They were going pretty fast when an old man's face appeared in the passenger window, knocking on it! The passenger screamed, but decided to roll down his window halfway.

''What do you want?'' he asked.

''Do you have any tobacco?'' asked the old man. The passenger handed the old man a cigarette, and he went away.

''Go faster!'' said the passenger. ''I don't want to see him again!'' So the driver pushed the spedometer to 80 mph. But soon, the old man appears at the window again! Scared, the passenger rolls down his window again.

''Do you have a light?'' said the old man's face. Trembling, the passenger handed him a pack of matches. And the old man went away.

''Drive faster!'' said the passenger. So they pushed it to 100 mph. But ten minutes later, the face returns. ''What do you want from us?'' screamed the passenger.

The old man gently replied ''You weirdos want some help getting out of the mud?''Once upon a time there lived a woman in Brampton who had a maddening passion for baked beans. She loved them, but unfortunately they always gave her a very embarrassing, and somewhat lively reaction. When it became apparent that she and her boyfriend would marry she thought to herself, "He is such a sweet and gentle man but I don't think he can live with my problems." So she decided to make the supreme sacrifice and give up beans. 
A year later her car broke down on the way home from work. Since she lived in the country, she called her husband and told him she would be late because she had to walk home. On her way, she passed a small diner and the odor of the baked beans was more than she could stand. Since she still had miles to walk, she figured that she could walk off any ill effect by the time she reached home. So she stopped at the diner, and before she knew it she had consumed three large orders of baked beans. All the way home she putt-putted. 

Upon arriving home she felt reasonably sure she could control it. Her husband seemed excited to see her, exclaming delightedly, "Darling, I have a surprise for dinner tonight." He then blindfolded her then led her to a chair at the table. Just as he was about to remove the blindfold the phone rang. He made her promise not to touch the blindfold till he came back, then he went to answer the phone. 

The baked beans she had consumed were still affecting her and the pressure was becoming almost unbearable, so while her husband was out of the room she seized the opportunity, shifted the weight to one leg, and let it go. It was not only loud, but it smelt like a fertilizer truck running over a skunk coming from a pulp mill. She took a napkin and fanned the air around her vigorously. Then she shifted to the other cheek and ripped three more, which reminded her of cabbage cooking. Keeping her ears turned to the conversation in the other room, she went on like this for another ten minutes. When the phone farewells signed the end of her freedom, she fanned the air a few more times with the napkin, placed it on her lap and folded her hands upon it, smiling contentedly to herself, she was the picture of innocence when her husband returned. Apologizing for taking so long, he asked her if she peeked and she assured him that she had not. At this point, he removes the blindfold to reveal twelve dinner guests seated around the table to wish her a first Happy Anniversary!One day a lawyer was riding in his limousine when he saw a guy eating grass He told the driver to stop. He got out and asked him, "Why are you eating grass". 

The man replied, "I'm so poor, I can't afford a thing to eat." 

So the laywer said, "Poor guy, come back to my house." 

The guys then said, "But I have a wife and three kids." The layers told him to bring them along. 

When they were all in the car, the poor man said, "Thanks for taking us back to your house, it is so kind of you." 

The laywer said, "You're going to love it there, the grass is a foot tall."An engineer died and ended up in Hell. He was not pleased with the level of comfort in Hell, and began to redesign and build improvements. After a while, they had toilets that flush, air conditioning, and escalators. Everyone grew very fond of him. 
One day God called to Satan to mock him, "So, how's it going down there in Hell?" 

Satan replied, "Hey, things are great. We've got air conditioning and flush toilets and escalators, and there's no telling what this engineer is going to come up with next." 

God was surprised, "What? You've got an engineer? That's a mistake. He should never have gone down there in the first place. Send him back up here." 

"No way," replied Satan. "I like having an engineer, and I'm keeping him." 

God threatened, "Send him back up here now or I'll sue!" 

Satan laughed and answered, "Yeah, right. And just where are YOU going to get a lawyer?"Sherlock Holmes and his companion Watson are chasing down a criminal and have come to a time in the chase in which it is too late to head back home and too late to keep traveling after him.  Considering that they were in the middle of the woods, Holmes, being as smart as he was, figured that this would happen. He had brought along most of the materials that they would need to go camping.

They set up camp, putting up their tent, making a fire to cook and for the warmth. Soon, they thought it best to go to sleep. In the middle of the night, Holmes wakes up, and immediately wakes up Watson.

After Watson awoke he simply said, "Watson my friend, look up and tell me, what do you see?"

After looking up, Watson replies, "Stars, so many stars out there and so far apart that they truly show us how small and miniscule our planet is to the entire universe.  Thus showing, that our planet is miniscule, that we are basically nothing. Truly the trifle things that we go through every day do mean nothing in its effect to the entire universe."

Holmes starts shaking his head and says, "Watson, you bumbling fool, someone has stolen our tent!!!"In the words of Albert Einstien "There are two things infinite; the universe and human stupidity," if this doesn't prove one of them, I am not sure what will. (Oh, and let me tell you, this doesn't prove anything about the universe)

1. On a blanket from Taiwan - 
NOT TO BE USED AS PROTECTION FROM A TORNADO. 

2. On a helmet mounted mirror used by US cyclists - 
REMEMBER, OBJECTS IN THE MIRROR ARE ACTUALLY BEHIND YOU. 

3. On a Taiwanese shampoo - 
USE REPEATEDLY FOR SEVERE DAMAGE. 

4. On the bottle-top of a (UK) flavored milk drink - 
AFTER OPENING, KEEP UPRIGHT. 

5. On a New Zealand insect spray - 
THIS PRODUCT NOT TESTED ON ANIMALS. 

6. In a US guide to setting up a new computer - 
TO AVOID CONDENSATION FORMING, ALLOW THE BOXES TO WARM UP TO ROOM TEMPERATURE 
BEFORE OPENING. 
(Sensible, but the instruction was INSIDE the box.) 

7. On a Japanese product used to relieve painful hemorrhoids - 
LIE DOWN ON BED AND INSERT POSCOOL SLOWLY UP TO THE PROJECTED PORTION LIKE A SWORD-GUARD INTO ANAL DUCT. WHILE INSERTING POSCOOL FOR
APPROXIMATELY  5 MINUTES, KEEP QUIET. 

8. In some countries, on the bottom of Coke bottles - 
OPEN OTHER END. 

9. On a packet of Sunmaid raisins - 
WHY NOT TRY TOSSING OVER YOUR FAVORITE BREAKFAST CEREAL? 

10. On a Sears hairdryer - 
DO NOT USE WHILE SLEEPING. 

11. On a bag of Fritos - 
YOU COULD BE A WINNER! NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. DETAILS INSIDE. 
(The shoplifter special!) 

12. On a bar of Dial soap - 
DIRECTIONS - USE LIKE REGULAR SOAP. 
(And that would be how?) 

13. On Tesco's Tiramisu dessert (printed on bottom of the box) -
DO NOT  TURN UPSIDE DOWN. 
(Too late! You lose!) 

14. On Marks & Spencer Bread Pudding - 
PRODUCT WILL BE HOT AFTER HEATING. 
(Are you sure? Let's experiment.) 

15. On a Korean kitchen knife - 
WARNING: KEEP OUT OF CHILDREN. 
(Who are they to tell me what to do with my kids?) 

16. On a string of Chinese-made Christmas lights - 
FOR INDOOR OR OUTDOOR USE ONLY. 
(As opposed to use in outer space?) 

17. On a Japanese food processor - 
NOT TO BE USED FOR THE OTHER USE. 
(Now I'm curious.) 

18. On Sainsbury's peanuts - 
WARNING - CONTAINS NUTS. 
(Really? Peanuts contain nuts?) 

19. On an American Airlines packet of nuts 
INSTRUCTIONS - OPEN PACKET, EAT NUTS. 
(I'm glad they cleared that up.) 

20. On a Swedish chainsaw - 
DO NOT ATTEMPT TO STOP CHAIN WITH YOUR HANDS OR GENITALS. 
(What kind of consumer phone-call led to this warning?) 

21. On a child's superman costume -WEARING OF THIS GARMENT DOES NOT ENABLE YOU TO FLY. 
(That's right, destroy a universal childhood fantasy!) 

22. On some frozen dinners: 
SERVING SUGGESTION: DEFROST. 

23. On a hotel provided shower cap in a box: 
FITS ONE HEAD. 

24. On packaging for a Rowenta iron: 
DO NOT IRON CLOTHES ON BODY. 

25. On Boot's "Children's" cough medicine: 
DO NOT DRIVE CAR OR OPERATE MACHINERY. 

26. On Nightly sleep aid: 
WARNING: MAY CAUSE DROWSINESS. 
(Duh!)Knock knock.
Who's there?
interrupting cow
interrupting co---
MOOYo momma so ugly she went into a haunted house and came out with a job application.Yo momma so stupid she got hit by a parked car.Yo momma's so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals..."Yo Mama's so ugly, just after she was born, her mother said, "What a treasure!" and her dad said, "Yeah! Let's go bury it!"Yo Mama's so ugly, two guys broke into her apt., she yelled "rape", they yelled "NO!"Yo Mama's so ugly, I took her to the zoo, and the zookeeper said "I didn't know an animal had escaped."Your momma is so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.A blonde got a dent in her car and took it in to the mechanic.
The mechanic, noticing that the woman was a blonde, decided to have some fun. 
So he told her all she had to do was take it home and blow in the tailpipe until the dent popped itself out. 
After 15 minutes of this, the blonde's blonde friend came over and asked what she was doing. 
"I'm trying to pop out this dent, but it's not really working." 
"Duh. You have to roll up the windows first!"On a nightly stroll a blonde came across an office building. A sign said, "Press bell for Watchman." She presses it and hears an old man coming down the stairs. He turns on the light, unlocks the gate, and shuts off the security system. When he asked what the blonde wanted, she replied, "Why can't you press that button for yourself?"Blonde inventions:

Waterproof towel
Unbreakable egg
Submarine screen door
Solar powered flash light
Helicopter ejection seat
Inflatable dart board
Pedal powered wheel chairsWhat do you call the skeleton of a blonde you find in a closet?



1950's Hide-n-seek champion.2 blondes are walking in the park and the 1st blonde says, "LOOK! Dead bird!"
The 2nd blonde looks up into the sky and yells "Where?!"What's a blonde doing if her hands are covered tightly over her ears and her mouth is completely shut?


She's trying to hold onto a thought.Why should you never ask a blonde to make ice cubes for you?



She'll never remember the recipe.One day a blonde was in a store, and saw a sign advertising a huge TV sale. She goes up to the salesman, and points to a shelf and says, "I want to buy that TV."

The man says "No."

The blonde, assuming its because he hates blondes, goes home and dyes her hair brown. She goes back to the store and asks again, only to again be told again, "No."

She goes home dies her hair black, and returns yet again. She asks for the TV, and is told "No, go home you blonde!"

So she finally snaps and cries, "I've died my hair twice!How the hell do you know I'm blonde?"

The salesman replies, "That's a microwave."How do you get a blonde to marry you?

Tell her she's pregnant.

What will be her response?

"Is it mine?"Why did the first blonde president move out of the oval office?

She couldn't find a corner to put her stuff in.Your momma is so ugly when she walks through the woods during hunting season she wears a sign saying "DONT SHOOT! FROM THE FRONT I LOOK ALMOST HUMAN!"Why did the blonde steal a parked police car?


She saw "911" and thought it was a Porsche. (Porsche 911)A blonde went into a local salon for a haircut. She was wearing a pair of headphones and she refused to take them off. The hairdresser tried to slip them off to cut her hair but the blonde just screamed "NO, DONT DO IT!"
In a few minutes the blonde fell asleep from all the thinking she had to do to pick out a hairstyle. The hairdresser takes off the headphones and in a few minutes the blonde dies. 
The hairdresser, shocked, then hears the headphones. It was repeating the words "Inhale... exhale.... inhale..... exhale...."How do you tell a blondes been using your computer?

There's whiteout on the screenA man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups. 
The pharmacist promptly reaches down, pulls out a knife, and lunges at the man.
The man backs away and yells "WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU?"
"Well, you don't have the hiccups anymore do you?" replies the pharmacist.
The man says, "No I don't, you jerk; but my wife out in the car still does!"Adam was in the Garden of Eden and was very very lonely. So God decides to build him a friend and lover. He decides to call it a "Woman". So he sets out to work but realizes he'll need to borrow a few parts from Adam, so he goes to Adam and explains the situation. God says "I'll build the perfect companion, she'll cook, clean, take care of your every wish and need and will never nag or complain or be angry at you for no reason. It'll only cost you an arm and a leg."
Adam says "But I need my arm and  leg... what can I get for just a rib?"

And the rest is history...You're so ugly when you go outside your arrested for indecent exposure.Your momma is so poor I saw her kicking a cardboard box down the street and when I asked her what she was doing she said "Moving!"How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?

Fish!How many little brothers does it take to change a light bulb?

Three- one to hold onto the bulb and two to turn the ladder.How many mystery writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Two- One to screw in the idea, and one to give it a suprising twist at the end.How many boy scouts does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Three- Each to do one good turn daily.Yo Mama's so fat, she didn't have a birth certificate, she had a blueprint!Yo mama's so fat, she sells shade, and that gives her enough to feed a family!Yo Momma's so poor, I blew my nose, and she said, "Lord thank us, we have food!"One Halloween, a boy dressed up as a cowboy. He went to a house, and an elderly lady opened the door. She said, "What might you be?" and the kid in front of the boy said, "I'm an Indian! All day, I hunt buffalo and make teepees and wigwams!" and the lady gave him some candy. Then the boy was up in line. The elderly lady said, "What might you be?" and he replied, "I'm a cowboy! All day, I round up cattle and take them to corrals!" The lady gave him some candy. 

So he went to the next house, and a scorching hot teenage girl opened the door. She said, "What might you be?" and the girl in front of the boy said, "I'm a lesbian. All day I think of women, all afternoon I think of women, and all night I think of women." The teenage girl gave her some candy, and next the boy was up. The teenage girl said, "What might you be?" The boy looked her up and down, and said, "Well, I thought I was a cowboy!"One evening, on her first date, a blond went to an amusement park with her boyfriend. After they went on the roundabout, the boy said, "What do you want to do next?" 

The girl said, "I want to be weighed." So he weighed the blond on a guess the weight game. Then they went on the roller coaster, and afterwards the boy said, "What do you want to do next?" 

The girl said, "I want to be weighed." So he weighed the blond again, and she weighed the same, so he took her home. 

When she got home, she flumped on the couch and her mother said, "How was the date?" 

The blond said, "Weewy Weewy Wousy."These are excuse notes from parents (with their original spelling) collected by schools from all over the country:

1) My son is under a doctor's care and should not take P.E. today. Please execute him. 

2) Please excuse Lisa for being absent. She was sick and I had her shot. 

3) Dear School: Please exscuse John being absent on Jan. 28, 29,30, 31, 32, and also 33. 

4) Please excuse Gloria from Jim today. She is administrating. 

5) Please excuse Roland from P.E. for a few days. Yesterday he fell out of a tree and misplaced his hip. 

6) John has been absent because he had two teeth taken out of his face. 

7) Carlos was absent yesterday because he was playing football. He was hurt in the growing part. 

8) Megan could not come to school today because she has been bothered by very close veins. 

9) Chris will not be in school cus he has an acre in his side. 

10) Please excuse Ray Friday from school. He has very loose vowels. 

11) Please excuse Pedro from being absent yesterday. He had (diahre) (dyrea) (direathe) the runs. [words in ()'s were crossed out.] 

12) Please excuse Burma, she has been sick and under the doctor. 

13) Irving was absent yesterday because he missed his bust. 

14) Please excuse Jimmy for being. It was his father's fault. 

15) I kept Billie home because she had to go Christmas shopping because I don't know what size she wears. 

16) Please excuse Jennifer for missing school yesterday. We forgot to get the Sunday paper off the porch, and when we found it Monday, we thought it was Sunday. 

17) Sally won't be in school a week from Friday. We have to attend her funeral. 

18) My daughter was absent yesterday because she was tired. She spent a weekend with the Marines. 

19) Please excuse Jason for being absent yesterday. He had a cold and could not breed well. 

20) Please excuse Mary for being absent yesterday. She was in bed with gramps. 

21) Maryann was absent December 11-16, because she had a fever, sore throat, headache and upset stomach. Her sister was also sick, fever and sore throat, her brother had a low grade fever and ached all over. I wasn't the best either, sore throat and fever. There must be something going around, her father even got hot last night. 

22) Please excuse little Jimmy for not being in school yesterday. His father is gone and I could not get him ready because I was in bed with the doctor.Feudalism: You have two cows. Your lord takes some of the milk. 
Fascism: You have two cows. The government takes both, hires you to take care of them and sells you the milk. 

Communism: You have two cows. You must take care of them, but the government takes all the milk. 

Capitalism: You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. You sell them and retire on the income. 

Enron Capitalism: You have two cows. You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt-equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred through an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The Enron annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more.This Story is true! For all of you who occasionally have a really bad day when you just need to take it out on someone: Don't take that bad day out on someone you know, take it out on someone you *don't* know! Now get this. 
I was sitting at my desk, when I remembered a phone call I had to make. I found the number and dialed it.

A man answered nicely saying, "Hello?"

I politely said, "This is Patrick Hanifin and could I please speak to Robin Carter?"

Suddenly the phone was slammed down on me! I couldn't believe that anyone could be that rude. I tracked down Robin's correct number and called her. She had written the last two digits incorrectly. After I hung up with Robin, I spotted the wrong number still lying there on my desk. I decided to call it again.

When the same person once more answered, I yelled, "You're a jackass!" and hung up.

Next to his phone number I wrote the word "jackass," and put it in my desk drawer.

Every couple of weeks, when I was paying bills, or had a really bad day, I'd call him up.

He'd answer, and I'd yell, "You're a jackass!"

It would always cheer me up.

Later in the year the Phone Company introduced caller ID. This was a real disappointment for me, I would have to stop calling the jackass.

Then one day I had an idea.

I dialed his number, then heard his voice say, "Hello," I made up a name. "Hi. This is the sales office of the Telephone Company and I'm just calling to see if you're familiar with our caller ID program?"

He went, "No!" and slammed the phone down.

I quickly called him back and said, "That's because you're a jackass!"

The reason I took the time to tell you this story, is to show you how if there's ever anything really bothering you, you can do something about it. Just dial 823-4863.

The old lady at the mall really took her time pulling out of the parking space. I didn't think she was ever going to leave.
Finally, her car began to move and she started to very slowly back out of the slot. I backed up a little more to give her plenty of room to pull out. "Great," I thought, "she's finally leaving." All of a sudden this black Camaro comes flying up the parking aisle in the wrong direction and pulls into her space.

I started honking my horn and yelling, "You can't just do that, Buddy. I was here first!" The guy climbed out of his Camaro completely ignoring me. He walked toward the mall as if he didn't even hear me. I thought to myself, "This guy's a jackass.
There sure a lot of jackasses in this world."

I noticed he had a "For Sale" sign in the back window of his car. I wrote down the number, then I hunted for another place to park.

A couple of days later, I'm at home sitting at my desk. I had just gotten off the phone after calling 823-4863 and yelling, "You're a jackass!" (It's really easy to call him now since I have his number on speed dial.) I noticed the phone number of the guy with the black Camaro lying on my desk and thought I'd better call this guy, too.

After a couple rings someone answered the phone and said, "Hello."

I said, "Is this the man with the black Camaro for sale?" 
"Yes, it is."

"Can you tell me where I can see it?"

"Yes, I live at 1802 West 34th street. It's a yellow house and the car's parked right out front."

I said, "What's your name?"

"My name is Don Hansen."

"When's a good time to catch you, Don?"

"I'm home in the evenings."

"Listen Don, can I tell you something?"

"Yes."

"Don, you're a jackass!" and I slammed the phone down.

After I hung up I added Don Hansen's number to my speed dialer. For a while things seemed to be going better for me. Now when I had a problem I had two jackasses to call. Then, after several months of calling the jackasses and hanging up on them, it just wasn't as enjoyable as it used to be. I gave the problem some serious thought and came up with a solution:

First, I had my phone dial Jackass #1.
A man answered nicely saying, "Hello." 

I yelled "You're a jackass!" but I didn't hang up.

The jackass said, "Are you still there?"

I said, "Yeah."

He said, "Stop calling me."

I said, "No."

He said, "What's you name, pal?"

I said, "Don Hansen."

He said, "Where do you live?"

"1802 West 34th Street. It's a yellow house and my black Camaro's parked out front."

"I'm coming over right now, Don. You'd better start saying your prayers."

"Yeah, like I'm really scared, Jackass!" and I hung up.

Then I called Jackass #2. He answered, "Hello."

I said, "Hello, Jackass!"

He said, "If I ever find out who you are..."

"You'll what?"

"I'll kick your butt."

"Well, here's your chance. I'm coming over right now, Jackass!" And I hung up.

Then I picked up the phone and called the police. I told them I was at 1802 West 34th Street and that I was going to kill my gay lover as soon as he got home.

Another quick call to Channel 13 about the gang war going on down W. 34th Street.

After that, I climbed into my car and headed over to 34th Street to watch the whole thing. Glorious watching two Jackasses kicking the crap out of each other in front of six squad cars and a police helicopter was one of the greatest experiences of my life!

Name withheld to protect the guilty.Proof That Santa Doesn't Exist - For Nerds!  

There are approximately two billion children (persons under 18) in the world. However, since Santa does not visit children of Muslim, Hindu, Jewish, or Buddhist (except maybe in Japan) religions, this reduces the workload for Christmas night to 15% of the total, or 378 million (according to the population reference bureau). At an average (census) rate of 3.5 children per household, that comes to 108 million homes, presuming there is at least one good child in each. 
Santa has about 31 hours of Christmas to work with, thanks to the different time zones and the rotation of the earth, assuming east to west (which seems logical). This works out to 967.7 visits per second. This is to say that for each Christian household with a good child, Santa has around 1/1000th of a second to park the sleigh, hop out, jump down the chimney, fill the stockings, distribute the remaining presents under the tree, eat whatever snacks have been left for him, get back up the chimney, jump into the sleigh and get onto the next house. 

Assuming that each of these 108 million stops is evenly distributed around the earth (which, of course, we know to be false, but will accept for the purposes of our calculations), we are not talking about 0.78 miles per household; a total trip of 75.5 million miles, not counting bathroom stops or breaks. 

This means Santa's sleigh is moving at 650 miles per second - 3,000 times the speed of sound. For purposes of comparison, the fastest man made vehicle, the Ulysses space probe, moves at a pokey 27.4 miles per second, and a conventional reindeer can run (at best) 15 miles per hour. The payload of the sleigh adds another interesting element. Assuming that each child gets nothing more than a medium sized LEGO set (two pounds), the sleigh is carrying over 500 thousand tons, not counting Santa himself. On land, a conventional reindeer can pull no more than 300 pounds. Even granting that flying reindeer can pull 10 times the normal amount, the job can't be done with eight or even nine of them -Santa would need 360,000 of them. This increases the payload, not counting the weight of the sleigh, another 54,000 tons, or roughly seven times the weight of the Queen Elizabeth (the ship, not the monarch). 

A mass of nearly 600,000 tons traveling at 650 miles per second creates enormous air resistance - this would heat up the reindeer in the same fashion as a spacecraft re-entering the earth's atmosphere. The lead pair of reindeer would absorb 14.3 quintillion joules of energy per second each. In short, they would burst into flames almost instantaneously, exposing the reindeer behind them and creating deafening sonic booms in their wake. The entire reindeer team would be vaporized within 4.26 thousandths of a second, or right about the time Santa reaches the fifth house on his trip. Not that it matters, however, since Santa, as a result of accelerating from a dead stop to 650 m.p.s. in .001 seconds, would be subjected to acceleration forces of 17,000 g's. 

A 250 pound Santa (which seems ludicrously slim considering all the high calorie snacks he must have consumed over the years) would be pinned to the back of the sleigh by 4,315,015 pounds of force, instantly crushing his bones and organs and reducing him to a quivering blob of pink goo. Therefore, if Santa did exist, he's dead now. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!At the 1994 annual awards dinner given for Forensic Science, AAFS president Dr. Don Harper Mills astounded his audience with the legal complications of a bizarre death. Here is the story: 
On March 23, 1994, the medical examiner viewed the body of Ronald Opus and concluded that he died from a shotgun wound to the head. The decedent had jumped from the top of a ten-story building intending to commit suicide. 

He left a note to that effect, indicating his despondency. As he fell past the ninth floor, his life was interrupted by a shotgun blast passing through a window, which killed him instantly. Neither the shooter nor the decedent was aware that a safety net had been installed just below at the eighth floor level to protect some building workers and that Ronald Opus would not have been able to complete his suicide the way he had planned. 

Ordinarily, Dr. Mills continued, "a person who sets out to commit suicide and ultimately succeeds, even though the mechanism might not be what he intended", is still defined as committing suicide. Mr. Opus was shot on the way to certain death nine stories below at street level, but his suicide attempt probably would not have been successful because of the safety net. This caused the medical examiner to feel that he had a homicide on his hands. 

The room on the ninth floor from whence the shotgun blast emanated was occupied by an elderly man and his wife. They were arguing vigorously, and he was threatening her with a shotgun. The man was so upset that when he pulled the trigger he completely missed his wife and the pellets went through the window striking Mr. Opus. 

When one intends to kill subject A, but kills subject B in the attempt, one is guilty of the murder of subject B. When confronted with the murder charge, the old man and his wife were both adamant. They both said they thought the shotgun was unloaded. The old man said it was his long standing habit to threaten his wife with the unloaded shotgun. He had no intention to murder her, therefore the killing of Mr. Opus appeared to be an accident; that is, the gun had been accidentally loaded. 

The continuing investigation turned up a witness who saw the old couple's son loading the shotgun about six weeks prior to the fatal accident. It transpired that the old lady had cut off her son's financial support and the son, knowing the propensity of his father to use the shotgun threateningly, loaded the gun with the expectation that his father would shoot his mother. 

The case now becomes one of murder on the part of the son for the death of Ronald Opus. 

Now comes the exquisite twist; further investigation revealed that the son was in fact Ronald Opus. He had become increasingly despondent over both the loss of his financial support and the failure of his attempt to engineer his mother's murder. This led him to jump off the ten-story building on March 23rd, only to be killed by a shotgun blast passing through the ninth-story window. The son had actually murdered himself, so the medical examiner closed the case as a suicide.Veteran Pillsbury spokesman Pop N. Fresh died yesterday of a severe yeast infection. He was 71. 
Known to friends as Brown-n-Serve, Fresh was an avid gardener and tennis player. Fresh was buried in one of the largest funeral ceremonies in recent years. Dozens of celebrities turned out including Mrs. Butterworth, the California Raisins, Hungry Jack, Aunt Jemima, Betty Crocker, the Hostess Twinkies, and Skippy. The graveside was piled high with flours as longtime friend Aunt Jemima delivered the eulogy, describing Fresh as a man who "never knew how much he was kneaded."

Fresh rose quickly in show business, but his later life was filled with many turnovers. He was not considered a very smart cookie, wasting much of his dough on half-baked schemes -- conned by those who buttered him up. 

Still, even as a crusty old man, he was a roll model for millions. Fresh is survived by his second wife. They have two children and another bun in the oven. The funeral was held at 350 for about 20 minutes.How is a computer like an air conditioner? 
When you open Windows it won't work!A young ventriloquist is touring the clubs and one night he's doing a show in a small club in a small town in Arkansas. With his dummy on his knee, he's going through his usual dumb blonde jokes when a blonde woman in the fourth row stands on her chair and starts shouting: "I've heard enough of your stupid blonde jokes. What makes you think you can stereotype women that way? What does the color of a person's hair have to do with her worth as a human being? It's guys like you who keep women like me from being respected at work and in the community and from reaching our full potential as a person, because you and your kind continue to perpetuate discrimination against, not only blondes, but women in general...and all in the name of humor!"
The ventriloquist is embarrassed and begins to apologize, when the blonde yells, "You stay out of this, mister! I'm talking to that little jerk on your knee!"20. The hole closed on him before he could penetrate it.
19. He came at his blind side and got him from behind. 
18. He's off to the sidelines for a quick blow. 
17. It's a game of inches. 
16. That hole was so big, you could drive a truck through it. 
15. When you get down in this area, you just gotta start pounding. 
14. He's gonna feel that one tomorrow. 
13. He found his tight end. 
12. End around. 
11. He had to stretch to get it in. 
10. He gets penetration in the backfield. 
9. He blows them off (at the line). 
8. He bangs it in. 
7. He could go all the way. 
6. He gets it off just in time. 
5. He goes deep. 
4. He found a hole and slid through it. 
3. He pounds it in. 
2. He beats them off (the line) 
1. He's got great hands.-It is always possible to park directly outside any building you are visiting. 
-A detective can only solve a case once he has been suspended from duty. 

-If you decide to start dancing in the street, everyone you bump into will know all the steps. 

-Most laptop computers are powerful enough to override the communication systems of any invading alien civilization. 

-It does not matter if you are heavily outnumbered in a fight involving martial arts - your enemies will wait patiently to attack you one by one by dancing around in a threatening manner until you have knocked out their predecessors. 

-When a person is knocked unconscious by a blow to the head, they will never suffer a concussion or brain damage. 

-No one involved in a car chase, hijacking, explosion, volcanic eruption or alien invasion will ever go into shock. 

-Police Departments give their officers personality tests to make sure they are deliberately assigned a partner who is their total opposite. 

-When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other. 

-You can always find a chainsaw when you need one. 

-Any lock can be picked by a credit card or a paper clip in seconds, unless it's the door to a burning building with a child trapped inside. 

-An electric fence, powerful enough to kill a dinosaur will cause no lasting damage to an eight-year-old child. 

-Television news bulletins usually contain a story that affects you personally at that precise moment you turn the television on.1. Honest and hard-working policemen are traditionally gunned down three days before their retirement. 
2. All beds have special L-shaped sheets that reach the armpit level of a woman, but only the waist level of the man lying beside her. 
3. At least one of a pair of identical twins is born evil. 
4. All grocery bags contain at least one stick of French bread. 
5. Rather than wasting bullets, megalomaniacs prefer to kill their arch enemies using complicated machinery involving fuses, pulley systems, deadly gasses, lasers, and man-eating sharks, which will allow their captives at least a half-hour to escape. 
6. You're very likely to survive any battle in any war unless you make the mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back home. 
7. A man will show no pain while taking the most ferocious beating, but will wince when a woman tries to clean his wounds. 
8. If a large pane of glass is visible, someone will be thrown through it before long. 
9. If staying in a haunted house, women should investigate any strange noises in their most revealing underwear. 
10 Even when driving down a perfectly straight road, it is necessary to turn the steering wheel vigorously from left to right every few moments. 
11. All bombs are fitted with electronic timing devices with large red readouts so you know exactly when they're going to go off, but luckily you'll always blindly choose to cut the right wire. 
12. When someone has a good reason for doing something, they will most likely be hated by everyone.Q: Why is it so hard to replace Vanna White? 
A: They can't find another blonde who knows the whole alphabet.A guy is sitting at a bar in a skyscraper restaurant high above the city. He's slamming tequila left and right. He grabs one, drinks it, goes over to a window and jumps out. The guy who was sitting next to him couldn't believe that the guy had just done that. He was more surprised when, ten minutes later, the same guy, unscathed, comes walking back into the bar and sits back down next to him. The astonished guy asks "How did you do that?  I just saw you jump out that window and we're hundreds of feet above the GROUND!". The jumper responds by slurring, "Well, I don't get it either.  I slam a shot of tequila and when I jump out the window, the tequila makes me slow down right before I hit the ground. Watch." He takes a shot, slams it down, goes to the window and jumps out. The other guy runs to the window and watches as the guy falls until right before the ground, slows down and lands softly on his feet. A few minutes later, the guy walks back into the bar. The other guy has to try it too, so he orders a shot of tequila. He drinks it and goes to the window and jumps.  As he reaches the bottom, he doesn't slow down at all...SPLAT! The first guy orders another shot of tequila and the bartender says to him, "You're really an asshole when you're drunk, Superman."What's the definition of bravery? 
A man with diarrhea chancing a fart!How does santa greet the three blonde sisters?


Ho. Ho. Ho.You were so ugly as a baby you were the poster child on the birth control posters.If you're on a plane going to California and you're stuck in an aisle seat how do you trick a blonde into giving you her window seat?


Tell her only the aisle seats are going to California.Why are New Yorkers always depressed?


Because the light at the end of the tunnel is New Jersey.A man walks into a bar and a drunk is sitting there mumbling something quietly. Curious the man takes the seat next to him. The drunk is mumbling, "Looks like plastic, feels like rubber." While looking at something in his hand. 
The man asks the drunk if he may see what he means. The man feels the object and says, "It does look like plastic and feels like rubber. Where did you get it?"
The drunk replies, "From my nose."Yo Mama's so dumb she took a spoon to the Superbowl!Yo Mama's so stupid, it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes!The day before Christmas break, a few kindergarten students decided to give their teacher a gift.

The first gift was from a little girl whos daddy was a florist. The teacher takes the present unwraps it and discovers it's flowers. She thanks the girl and takes the next present.
Its from a little boy whose daddy own a candy store. She unwraps the present and sure enough there's a box of chocolates. She thanks the boy and takes the last gift.
The last gift is from a boy whose daddy owns a liquor store. The gift is dripping with a weird liquid. Shocked that the boy's father would give him alcohol to give to a teacher, decides to say nothing and guess what it is.
"Is it champagne?" 
The boy replies "No."
"Is it wine?"
The boy again replies "Nope."
The teacher gives up and asks what it is. 
The excited boy yells, "ITS A PUPPY!"A little blind rabbit and a little blind snake met each other in the woods one day and, as neither of them could see what species they were so they decided to feel each other and then describe each other so that the rabbit would know what kind of animal he was and the snake would also know what species he was. The snake ran his tongue over the rabbit.

"Why, you are fluffy and soft and have a wet nose," the snake said; "you must be a rabbit."
The rabbit then ran his paws over the length of the snake and said, "Well, you are cold, slimy, scaly and hard .... you must be a lawyer!"A man and a woman are having an intimate dinner in a restaurant when their waitress, standing a few tables away, watches as the man quietly slides all the way down his chair and out of sight. The woman across from him seems to not notice.The waitress comes over and says, "Excuse me, Ma'am, but I think your husband just slid under the table." 
The woman says, "No he didn't, he just walked in the door."Your momma so old and fat when God said let there be light, he asked your momma to move the hell out of the way because she was blocking the sun.One day a priest had a doctor's appointment and needed someone to cover for him at the confessional, so he calls over an old school chum of his who happens to be a rabbi.
The rabbi had no idea what to do but agreed to cover for the priest. The priest needed to show the rabbi how everything worked, so when the first person came in the priest said, "What is your sin my son?"
The man said "I've commited adultery."
The priest asks, "How many times?"
The man says, "3 times."
The priest replies, "Do 10 Hail Marys, then put $5 in the donation box."
Then the second man comes in and says he committed adultery also. When asked how many times he said 3. The priest replied again, "Do 10 Hail Marys then put $5 in the donation box."
The rabbi tells the priest he has got the hang of it and that he should go to the doctor's now.
After the rabbi is alone another man comes up to the confessional.
The rabbi asks, "What is your sin?"
The man replies, "I've committed adultery."
The rabbi asks, "How many times?"
The man says, "Once."
The rabbi says, "Go home, do it 2 more times. We're having a special today. 3 for $5."One day a blonde came home from work early and when she walked into her house, she saw her husband in bed with another woman. She pulls her gun out of her purse and points it to her head. Her husband screams, "NO DON'T DO IT! I'm sorry!"

To which the blonde replies "SHUT UP! You're next!"A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work together in an office building. Their female boss always leaves work early. So one day the brunette says, "Lets skip out early today. No one will notice."

So they all leave work early. The brunette goes to a movie, and the redhead goes to a few bars. The blonde though wanted to go home and have sex with her husband.

She arrives home and goes into her bedroom where her husband and her boss are having sex. The blonde quietly slips out the door and runs from her house. 

The next day when the brunette suggested they skip work again the blonde replied, "No way! I almost got caught yesterday."Knock knock.
Who's there?

Someone too short to ring the doorbell.A college student sent the following letter to her parents:

Hi Parent$!

Today i$ $eptember 15. I'm doing $uperb in $chool (or, $hould I $ay, college). The teacher$ are great, my roommate$ are great, and I'm having a $uper time! All I could u$e right now is a little ca$h.

To which the parents responded:

Hi daughter!

NOthing happening on this end. Something's wrong, because you kNOw, we got this letter in NOvember. I am NOt worrying about anything down here, kNOck on wood huh?

Your loving parents,
NOrden and Morden Finkelstein.Two buzzards were eating a dead clown. One said to the other, "Does this taste funny to you?"Yo mama is so dumb, she had you.Politics comes from the root "poli-", which means many, and "-tics", which means, blood-sucking creatures.Why do they have braille on drive-thru ATMs?Can women put mascara on with their mouth closed?Ok, 3 canadians were walking along the beach, one from the Yukon, one from Quebec, and one from Newfoundland. Now, it happened that they found a magic lamp. After rubbing it, the genie promised each of them one wish. The Yukon said, "I wish for fish teeming in our waters for a million years." The genie snapped his fingers and said, "Done." 
The Yukon man went off to go fish. Now the Quebec man said, "Being as the Quebecois's (is that right?) are a superior race, I want a wall a mile high and a mile thick all the way around Quebec so no one can get in, and no one can get out. 
So the genie snapped his fingers, and transported the Quebecois to Quebec so there were no problems. 
The Newfie stepped up and said, "Ok, it's a mile high and a mile thick, and no one can get in or out right?" 
"Correct." said the genie. 
"Fill it with water."Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.I drive way too fast to worry about my cholesterol.Success is relative. The more success, the more relatives!When everything is coming your way, you're on the wrong side of the freeway.Laundromat sign:

Automatic Washing Machines: Please remove all your clothes when the light goes out.Sign at an office: Would the person who removed the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken.Sign at an office kitchen:

After the tea break, the staff should empty the teapot and stand upside down on the drain-board.antique-an item your grandparents bought, your parents got rid of, and you're buying again.Jack told me you told him that I told you that he was ugly, and I told you not to tell him I told you that!
   It's his fault! I told him not to tell you I told him what you told me!
  Well, don't let it happen again--and don't tell him I told you he told me.A good way to save face is to keep the lower half shut.Silence is golden, because you never have to explain something you didn't say.I'm such an insomniac, the sheep fall asleep before I do.Yo mama's so fat, when she walks by the television set you miss three episodes.I know the day I gave up exercise. You wanna know? Check my birth certificate.Yo mamma so fat when she wears high heels 2 hours later they're flip flops.Your Mom is so fat she rolled over a SuperNintendo and made 4 Game Boys.Your mom is so fat her picture fell down.Your Mom is so fat, she's the only one at the beach that gets a tan.Yo Momma is so fat she had a dream of marshmallows, and when she woke up, her pillows were gone.When the body was first made all the parts of the body were fighting to see who would become the boss of the body. The fight for power was most intense between the limbs, the brain, and ..... the asshole. 

The limbs said they should be boss because they control the human, and without them the body was useless and couldnt move or do anything.

The brain said it should be boss becauses it has to control the whole body and without the brain nothing in the body would function, neither the limbs or the asshole.

The asshole said simply, "I'm the boss."

The brain and limbs laughed at him. The asshole was so mad he closed up and the body became constipated. The brain couldnt think straight and became fuzzy, the limbs became cold, sweaty and clammy, the body was going to hell. So the brain and limbs decided the asshole was the boss.

Morale of the story is that it doesnt matter how good you are or what you do for others, only the asshole will become the person in charge.Your momma so fat she uses pillows for pantyliners

Your momma so fat she got stuck in the Grand CanyonYour momma so ugly when she walked through the graveyard 2 men came after her with shovels.Yo mama so fat when she sat on a rainbow skittles came out!Your momma so fat when she broke a leg gravy came out.Your momma so ugly when she went to the horse track people started placing bets on her.A drunk guy stumbles into the bar and asks for a beer. The bartender says, "No way, you've had enough."
So the drunk leaves.
The drunk then enters the bar from the rear door and asks the bartender for a drink.
The bartender refuses and asks the drunk to leave.
The drunk comes back into the bar through the front door and asks for a drink.
The bartender says, "Listen, I'm not giving you a damn drink, you're already drunk enough."
The drunk says, "DAMN, MAN! How many bars do you work at?"A man walks into the bar and orders a round of beer for everyone. He even tells the bartender to pour himself one. So the bartender gives everyone the round and pours one for himself. He asks the man to pay, but the man says he has no money. The bartender is pissed so he beats up the man pretty bad then throws him out. 
The next day the same man walks back in and orders a round of beer for everyone and even tells the bartender to give himself one. The bartender thinks the man isn't stupid enough to do the same thing twice, so he does it and asks the man to pay. So the man says again he has no money. Again the man is beat up and thrown out.
The next day the man comes back in and tells the bartender to give a round of beers to everyone.
The bartender replies in an angry voice, "What? No beer for me this time?"
The man says, "No way man, you're violent when you drink."2 cops are sitting in their car outside of a local bar. They were waiting to see if anyone would drive home drunk. A guy stumbles out, obviously drunk out of his mind. He falls down flat on his face.

5 bar patrons leave the bar. The cops don't care about the other patrons, they are just waiting for him to start up his car. He falls again on his face.

5 more patrons leave the bar. Finally the drunk stumbles to his car door and opens it up and sits inside.

6 patrons leave the bar. Finally the drunk starts up his car but before he could move the cops are on him sticking a breathalyzer in his face.

He takes the test and passes with blood alcohol level of 0.00. The cops are pissed and asked him what the hell he was doing. 

The drunk replies, "I'm the designated decoy."A drunk is out drinking and he gets really wasted. He looks at the time and it's 3 a.m. He screams and heads home before his wife screams at him. He tries to walk but he can't. His legs won't work. Figuring he's too drunk to walk home he crawls. It was long and hard but he makes it home in a half hour. He silently crawls into bed and his wife is still sound asleep. He relaxes and lays back. 
Then his wife whispers, "I know you've been out drinking and right now your wasted."
The man whispers, "No I haven't, and no I'm not."
The woman replies, "Then where's your wheelchair?"A guy walks into a bar and rudely demands a shot of 12-yr old scotch. 
The bartender thinks, "This guy doesn't know the difference," so he pours a shot of 2-year old scotch. 
The patron takes one sip and spits it out. He promptly hollers at the bartender, "I said 12-year old scotch, you bozo!" 
Still unimpressed, the bartender pours some 6-year old scotch. 
The patron takes a sip...same reaction. 
But the bartender still doesn't believe the patron knows the difference. So he pours a shot of 10-year old scotch. Again, same reaction from the patron. 
Finally, the bartender is convinced. He pours the patron a glass of 12-year-old scotch. The patron takes a sip and is most satisfied. 
All the while this has been going on, a drunk at the end of the bar has been watching. 
He slides a shot glass down the bar to the patron and drunkedly says: "Shay mishter, tashte this!" The patron obliges...he promptly spits it out. 
"That tastes like pee!" he shoots back at the drunk. 
The drunk replies: "It ish. Now how old am I?"A man goes into the bar and orders a scotch. He gulps it down, and looks in his hand. He orders another one. He gulps it down and orders another one. He again looks in his hand. He orders 2 scotches this time and gulps them both down. He looks in his hand. The bartender, curious, asks the man what's going on.
The man replies, "It's a picture of my wife. When she starts to look good, I'm going home."Several elderly nuns were in their second floor convent one night when a fire broke out. 
They took their habits off, tied them together to make a rope, and climbed out the window. 
After they were safely on the ground and out of the building, a news reporter came over to one of the nuns and said to her, "Weren't you afraid that the habits could have ripped or broken since they are old?"
The nun replied, "Nah, don't you know old habits are hard to break?"A burglar had just broken into a house and was stealing anything he could get his hands on. Then he heard a voice. It said, "Jesus is watching you." Thinking its in his head he continues on his business. Then he hears it again, "Jesus is watching you."
The burglar not very religious but still scared says, "Who are you?"
Then he flipped on the light not caring if he was caught by the house owners. All he sees is a parrot in the corner. The parrot then says, "Jesus is watching you."
The burglar asks the parrot his name. The parrot replied, "Satan."
The burglar laughs and says, "Who would name their parrot Satan?"
The parrot says, "Same person who would name their rottweiler Jesus."A man walks into an insurance office and asks for a job. 
"Sorry, we don't need anyone..." they replied. 
"You can't afford not to hire me. I can sell anyone anything any time!" 
"Well, we have two prospects that no one has been able to sell. If you can sell just one, then you have a job." 
He was gone about two hours and returned and handed them two checks, one for $25,000 and another for $50,000. 
"How in the world did you do that?" they asked. 
"I told you I'm the world's best salesman, I can sell anyone anything, any time!" 
"Did you get a urine sample?" they asked him. 
"What's that?" he asked. 
"Well, if you sell a policy over $20,000 the company requires a urine sample. Now take these two bottles and go back and get urine samples." 
He was gone about 8 hours and the office was about to close, when in he walks in with two five gallon buckets, one in each hand. He sets the buckets down and reaches in his shirt pocket and produces two bottles of urine and sets them on the desk and says, "Here's Mr. Jones' and this one is Mrs. Johnson's." 
"That's good," they said, "but what's in those two buckets?" 
"Well, I passed by the school house and they were having a state teachers convention - so I stopped and sold them a group policy!"A blonde walked in a library and went to the librarian, pulls out a thick book and started screaming at her. 
She yells, "THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE! THERE ARE TOO MANY CHARACTERS AND NO PLOT WHATSOEVER!"
The librarian stares at her, then calmly replies, "So you're the one who took our phone book."There once was a redneck and his redneck wife. The wife didn't want another child, and asked the redneck husband to get surgery so he can't impregnate his wife.

The redneck goes to a very expensive doctor. The doctor who is in a hurry and is sure the redneck can't pay for his operation, just hands the redneck a firecracker and says, "Light this, hold it, count to 10." The redneck is confused but the doctor seems to know what he's doing.

The redneck goes home and lights the firecracker. He starts counting with the aid of his fingers... "1...2...3...4...5..." The redneck pauses, puts the firecracker between his legs and resumes counting on the other hand....Two guys are in the woods camping out when a bear attacks them. While the bear sniffs around the food, the first guy starts lacing up his sneakers.
The second guys goes, "Are you crazy? You can't outrun a bear!"
The first guy replies, "I dont need to; I only have to outrun you."A drunk is in the bar and crying uncontrollably. 
The man beside him asks him what's wrong.
The drunk says, "I forgot what my wife told me, she said if I went out drinking again she'd divorce me and take the kids."
The man says, "Well don't go home yet. It's only 6 p.m. Walk it off"
The drunk replies, "GREAT IDEA!" Then he barfs all over his shirt, and now he is crying even more.
The man says, "Look... you got 20 dollars on you?" The drunk hands him $20. The man puts the bill in the drunk's shirt pocket and says, "When you get home, tell your wife that some drunk stumbled out onto the street, bumped into you and puked on you. And he gave you $20 for the dry cleaning."
The drunk is so happy now and heads home.
When he gets home his wife starts screaming at him. The drunk just says, "Honey I wasn't drinking. A drunk came out of a bar and bumped into me and then he puked all over me, then he put $20 in my pocket for dry cleaning."
The wife looks in the pocket and pulls out 2 $20 bills.
The man says, "O yeah, he also crapped in my pants."Yo Mama is so fat that the local restaurant says :Maximum occupancy 115 people or yo mama.Yo Mama is so fat that when she ran away they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.Yo Mama is so ugly, when she looks in the mirror her reflection ducks.Your momma so fat that when she layed on the beach, four guys from greenpeace tried to throw her back in.It is said that "it is always in the last place you look"
Well of course!  Are there some people out there who keep looking after they find it?What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work?

A stick.A horse walked into a bar.
The barman said,
"Why the long face?"A guy goes into a bar, orders twelve shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can. 
The bartender says, "Dang, why are you drinking so fast?" 

The guy says, "You would be drinking fast if you had what I have." 

The bartender says, "What do you have?" 

The guy says, "75 cents."TO: Boss
FROM: Blondie
RE: Changing Calendars from Y2K 
I hope that I haven't misunderstood your instructions because, to be honest, none of this Y to K problem made much sense to me. At any rate, I have finished the conversion of all of the months on all of the company calendars for next year.  The calendars have returned from the printer and are ready to be distributed with the following new months: 


Januark
Februark
Mak
Julk

I also changed all the days of each week to: 

Sundak
Mondak
Tuesdak
Wednesdak
Thursdak
Fridak
Saturdak 
We are now Y to K compliant.  Have a nice dak!!!Four guys are drinking in a bar, bragging about their sons. 
"My son," the first one says, "started out washing cars at dealership, but now owns the dealership and just gave one of his friends four new cars of his choice!" 
"My son," said the second, "started out serving lunch in a real estate office, but now owns the real estate office and just gave one of his friends a new mansion!" 
"My son," said the third, "started out sweeping the floors at the Stock Exchange, but now practically owns the Stock Exchange and just gave one of his friends a $1,000,000 in stock." 
"Well," the fourth guy said, "my son's turned out to be a bit of a disappointment. He's a gay hairdresser and he has SEVERAL boyfriends. On the plus side, between them, they gave him four cars, a mansion, and a million dollars in stock for his birthday."One day a secretary is leaving on her lunch break, and she notices her boss standing in front of a shredder with a clueless look on his face. The secretary walks up to him and asks if he needs help. 
"Yes!" he says looking and sounding relieved, "This is very important." 

Glad to help, she turns the shredder on and inserts the paper. Then her boss says, "Thanks, I only need one copy."In the beginning was the Plan
And then came the assumptions
And the assumptions were without form
And the Plan was completely without substance
And darkness was upon the faces of the workers

And they spake unto their Group Heads, and sayeth:
"It is a crock, and it stinketh!"

And the Group Heads went unto their Section Heads, and sayeth:
"It is a pail of dung, and none may abide the odour thereof."

And the Section Heads went unto their Managers, and sayeth unto them: 
"It is a container of excrement, and it is very strong, such that none may abide by it."

And the Managers went to their Director, and sayeth unto him:
"It is a vessel of fertilizer, and none may abide its strength."

And the Director went unto his Vice-President, and sayeth:
"It contains that which aids plant growth, and it is very strong."

And the Vice-President went unto the President, and sayeth unto him:
"It promoteth growth, and it is very powerful."

And the President went unto the Chairman of the Board and sayeth unto him:
"This powerful new Plan will actively promote growth and the efficiency of the Company."

And the Chairman looked upon the Plan
And saw that it was good.
And the Plan became Policy.

-source unknownKnock, knock.
Who's there?
Dwayne
Dwayne who?
Dwayne the bathtub mommy, I'm dwowning.Yo Dad said to yo mama, "We're getting a color TV!" and yo mama asked, "What color?"Your mom is so stupid, when the doctor told her she had to take a pregnancy test, she asked how long she had to studyYo mama is so stupid she waited at a Stop sign until it said Go.Yo mama is so stupid, she climbed over a glass wall to see the other side.Yo mama is so stupid she stole a free sample.Yo mama is so stupid she couldn't even pass a blood test.Yo mama is so stupid she thinks these jokes are funny.Yo momma is so stupid, she got locked in McDonalds, and lost 300 pounds.Yo Mama is so poor, I walked in and dropped a cigarette butt on the floor, and she said, "Clap your hands and stomp your feet, praise the Lord, we got heat".Yo momma is so stupid, she put a free sample on layaway.Yo mama is so poor that when I walked in the front door, I tripped over the back gate.An actual headline: "Include Your Children When Baking Cookies"An actual headline: "Police Begin Campaign To Run Down Jaywalkers"An actual headline: Safety Experts Say School Bus Passengers Should Be Belted.An actual headline: Deer Kill 17,000Every "Hormone Hostage" knows that there are days in the month when all a man has to do is open his mouth and he takes his life in his hands.

This is a handy guide that should be as common as a driver's license in the wallet of every husband, boyfriend or significant other.

DANGEROUS: What's for dinner?
SAFER: Can I help you with dinner?
SAFEST: Where would you like to go for dinner?

DANGEROUS: Are you wearing THAT?
SAFER: Gee, you look good in brown.
SAFEST: Wow! Look at you!

DANGEROUS: What are you so worked up about?
SAFER: Could we be overreacting?
SAFEST: Here's fifty dollars.

DANGEROUS: Should you be eating that?
SAFER: You know, there are a lot of apples left.
SAFEST: Can I get you a glass of wine with that?

DANGEROUS: What did you DO all day?
SAFER: I hope you didn't overdo it today.
SAFEST: I've always loved you in that robe.A blonde has just inherited a Ranch but only had two horses. The problem was she couldn't tell them apart. So she goes to her neighbor rancher and asks for help. He suggests cutting ones tail a bit shorter then the other. She does it but then a week later she comes back and tells the neighbor rancher that it grew back. So he tells her to tie a different colored string around one of the horses neck. She does it but a week later the tie slips off and she has to go back to the neighbor. So he suggest she paint a different color spot on each of the horses. She does and comes back a week later with cookies. 
She tells the neighbor rancher, "Here I baked these for you. Your plan worked perfectly. I painted a red spot on the black horse and a blue spot on the white horse."How do you keep a Rhino from charging?

Take away its credit card.How many actors does it take to change a light bulb? 
 
Only one-they don't like to share the spotlight.Q: How many aerobics instructors does it take to change a lightbulb ? 
A: Five. Four to do it in perfect synchrony and one to stand there going "To the left, and to the left, and to the left, and to the left, and take it out, and put it down, and pick it up, and put it in, and to the right, and to the right, and to the right, and to the right..."Q: How many auto mechanics does it take to change a light bulb? 

A: Six - One to force it with a hammer and five to go out for more bulbs.PARATROOPER 

A young army private is home on leave. He is talking to his dad about his experience at jump school while learning to be a paratrooper. 

"Dad" he says, "on my first jump, I froze up at the door on the plane. A big black sergeant standing behind me told me that if I didn''t jump, he was gonna cram about 12 inches of dick up my ass." 

"Well did you jump?" asks his dad. 

"Just a little at first" answered the boy.What do you call a short psychic on the lam?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A small medium at large!How do you praise a computer?
Say "Data Boy"!Three men, two brunettes and a blond, are being chased by a tiger through the jungle. They get to a river and have two choices: 1. Get across the river without being eaten by pirannhas or 2. Get eaten by the tiger.
 They spot a genie  and the genie says I can grant you one wish.. 

The first blond man thinks "I wish I can get across safely." He swims across and makes it without a scratch. 
The second blond man says "I want to be even smarter than the first man." He climbed onto a raft and paddled across. 
 The brunette thinks "I want to be the smartest of them all". Instantly, he turned into a woman, and she walked across a nearby bridge.One day, a cat dies and goes to heaven. God meets him at the gate and says,"You've been a good cat all of your life, anything you want is yours." The cat says"Well, I lived with a poor family and had to sleep on a hard wood floor." Instantly, a fluffy pillow appears. The cat hops onto it and falls asleep. 

A week later, five mice die and go to heaven as well. God meets them at the gate and makes them the same offer. They reply "All of our life, we've been chased by cats, dogs, and women with brooms. If only we didn't have to run anymore...." They are each fitted with a custom pair of roller skates.

A month later, God decides to check up on the cat. He asks "How are you doing? Are you happy?" Kitty answers " Life here is SUPER! Oh, and by the way, those meals on wheels you've been sending over are the best!"A doctor who works at the mental hospital wants to take his patients out to a baseball game seeing as they're so well behaved. He goes to his colleagues and asks them if it's ok. They don't want to let him take them in case they misbehave or do something wrong seeing as they're complete nutcases. 

But the doctor wants to show them that the patients are really good. So he brings them in and says, "Sit Nuts." And all the patients sit.
He then says, "Stand Nuts." And all the patients stand. He then says "Talk Nuts." And they all start chatting. The other doctors are impressed and agree its ok. 

So they go to the stadium and the doctor leaves to go get snacks. When he comes back out everyone is running and screaming. He stops a guy and asks him what the heck is happening. The man replies, "The vendor came by and started yelling PEANUTS! and a bunch of people started pissing all over the place."A man goes into a shoe store and asks to try on a pair of shoes. They were a bit snug.

"Well, they feel a bit tight," says the man.

The salesman bends down and feels around. He suggests pulling the tongue out, then asks, "How do they feel now?"

"Well, dey shtill feel a bit thight"A man is sitting at his register and a beautiful young women comes in asking to use the bathroom. Even though she is beautiful the man refuses to let her use it. At least until she buys something. So she buys a pack of gum and then asks again. He says, "yes."

She comes out a few minutes later, and in her most seductive voice starts talking to him, she slips her finger in his mouth and lets him lick it for awhile. After a while she pops her finger out of his mouth and says, "You're out of toilet paper."A man is at the gates of heaven, but his life was very borderline good and bad; so St. Peter decides to have a contest. He gives the choice of the man answering a question or asking a question. If the man cannot get the answer he's asked or St. Peter can't answer the question then the man gets into heaven. 
The man decides to ask.
He takes a piece of paper, pokes 1000 holes in it, and puts it to his butt and farts. He then asks St. Peter, "Which hole did my fart come out of?"
St. Peter replies, "That's easy; this one," and he points to a hole.
The man smiles and says, "Nope! It came out of this one!" and he points to his ass.Three men, a French, Chinese, and American, decided to have a contest. They wanted to see whose dog could go the longest without going to the bathroom. The Chinese man won after a few hours. A news reporter asked him how he acheived such a feat. He replied, in a rather sing-song way, "Me Chinese, me no dumb, me stick rock up doggie's bum!"A man was on a bridge as a news reporter walked by. She was told that if she didn't cover another story in 2 hours, she'd be fired. All of a sudden, the man starts to count "1,2,.."
"Wait!" interrupts the reporter.
"What is it?"
"What are you trying to do?"
"I'm going to commit suicide."
"May I join you?"
"Certainly."
The two shout "1,2..."
They're interrupted by a man walking down the street.
"May I join you?" he asks.
"Sure."
"1,2..."

As soon as the two men said 3, they jumped off, but the clever reporter stayed behind. 

"3,2,1, and cue!"
"Good evening, I am just arriving at the scene of a crime. Two men just jumped off of this bridge."There was a little boy and a little girl in a bathtub having a bath. Suddenly the little girl looked down at the boy. 

"Can I touch it?" 

"No way -- you already broke yours off!"A big city lawyer went duck hunting in South Louisiana. He shot and dropped a bird, but it fell into a farmer's field on the other side of a fence. As the lawyer climbed over the fence, an elderly farmer drove up on his tractor and asked him what he was doing. The litigator responded, "I shot a duck and it fell in this field, and now I'm going into retrieve it." 

The old farmer replied. "This is my property, and you are not coming over here." 

The indignant lawyer said, "I am one of the best trial attorneys in the U.S. and, if you don't let me get that duck, I'll sue you and take everything you own." 

The old farmer smiled and said, "Apparently, you don't know how we do things in Louisiana. We rule ourselves under the Napoleonic Code. We settle small disagreements like this with the Louisiana Three Kick Rule." 

The lawyer asked, "What is the Louisiana Three Kick Rule?" The farmer replied. "Well, first I kick you three times and then you kick me three times, and so on, back and forth, until someone gives up." 

The attorney quickly thought about the proposed contest and decided that he could easily take the old codger. He agreed to abide by the local custom. The old farmer slowly climbed down from the tractor and walked up to the city feller. 

His first kick planted the toe of his heavy work boot into the lawyer's groin and dropped him to his knees where he immediately vomited. 

The geezer's second kick nearly ripped the man's nose off his face. 

The barrister was flat on his belly when the farmer's third kick to a kidney nearly caused him to give up. 

The lawyer summoned every bit of his dark heart, vengeful will and managed to get to his feet and said, "Okay, you old coot, now it's my turn." 

The old farmer said, "Naw, I give up. You can have the duck."A small town prosecuting attorney called his first witness to the stand in a trial-a grandmotherly, elderly woman. He approached her and asked, "Mrs. Jones, do you know me?" She responded, "Why, yes, I do know you Mr. Williams. I've known you since you were a young boy. And frankly, you've been a big disappointment to me. You lie, you cheat on your wife, you manipulate people and talk about them behind their backs. You think you're a rising big shot when you haven't the brains to realize you never will amount to anything more than a two-bit paper pusher. Yes, I know you." 

The lawyer was stunned. Not knowing what else to do he pointed across the room and asked, "Mrs. Williams, do you know the defense attorney?" 

She again replied, "Why, yes I do. I've known Mr. Bradley since he was a youngster, too. I used to baby-sit him for his parents. And he, too, has been a real disappointment to me. He's lazy, bigoted, he has a drinking problem. The man can't build a normal relationship with anyone and his law practice is one of the shoddiest in the entire state. Yes, I know him." 

At this point, the judge rapped the courtroom to silence and called both counselors to the bench. In a very quiet voice, he said with menace, "If either of you asks her if she knows me, you'll be jailed for contempt!"A truck driver was driving down the highway when he saw a priest at the side of the road. He stopped to pick up the priest and give him a ride. A ways down the road the truck driver saw a lawyer on the side of the road. He turned the truck on a direct course with the lawyer. Then he thought 'Oh no, I have a priest in the truck. I can't run down this lawyer!' and at the last second the truck driver swerved to miss the lawyer. But, the truck driver heard a thump outside of the truck. He looked in his rear-view mirror but didn't see anything. 

He turned to the priest and said 'Sorry Father, I just missed that lawyer at the side of the road.' The priest said 'Don't worry son, I got him with my door'A New York Divorce Lawyer died and arrived at the pearly gates. Saint Peter asks him "What have you done to merit entrance into Heaven?" 
The Lawyer thought a moment, then said, "A week ago, I gave a quarter to a homeless person on the street." 

Saint Peter asked Gabriel to check this out in the record, and after a moment Gabriel affirmed that this was true. 

Saint Peter said, "Well, that's fine, but it's not really quite enough to get you into Heaven." 

The Lawyer said, "Wait Wait! There's more! Three years ago I also gave a homeless person a quarter." 

Saint Peter nodded to Gabriel, who after a moment nodded back, affirming this, too, had been verified. 

Saint Peter then whispered to Gabriel, "Well, what do you suggest we do with this fellow?" 

Gabriel gave the Lawyer a sidelong glance, then said to Saint Peter, "Let's give him back his 50 cents and tell him to go to Hell."After successfully passing the bar exam, a young man opened his own law office. One day he was sitting idle at his desk when his secretary announced that a Mr. Jones had arrived to see him.

"Show him right in!" the lawyer replied.

As Mr. Jones was being ushered in the lawyer had an idea. He quickly picked up the phone and shouted into it "...and you tell them that we won't accept less then fifty thousand dollars, and don't even call me until you agree to that amount!"

Slamming the phone down he stood up and greeted Mr. Jones, "Good morning, Mr. Jones, what can I do for you?"

"I'm from the telphone company," Mr. Jones replied. "I'm here to connect that phone."Q: What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead lawyer in the road?
A: There are skid marks in front of the dog.Q: Why won't sharks attack lawyers?
A: Professional courtesy.Q: What do you have when a lawyer is buried up to his neck in sand?
A: Not enough sand.Q: What can a goose do, a duck can't, and a lawyer should?
A: Stick his bill up his rear.A defendant in a lawsuit involving large sums of money was saying to his lawyer, "If I lose this case, I'll be ruined." 

"It's in the judge's hands now," said the lawyer. 

"Would it help if I sent the judge a box of cigars?" asked the defendant. 

"Oh no!" said the lawyer. "This judge is a stickler for ethical behavior. A stunt like that would prejudice him against you. He might even find you in contempt of the court. In fact, you shouldn't even smile at the judge." 

Within the course of time, the judge rendered a decision in favor of the defendant. As the defendant left the courthouse, he said to his lawyer, "Thanks for the tip about the cigars. It worked." 

"I'm sure we would have lost the case if you'd sent them," said the lawyer. 

"But I did send them," said the defendant. 

"What?? You did?" 

"Yes, That's how we won the case." 

"I don't understand," said the lawyer. 

"It's easy. I sent the cheapest cigars that I could find to the judge, but enclosed the plaintiff's business card..."Knock-knock
Who's there?
Boo!
Boo who?





Don't cry it's just a jokeHow many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Two (think about it)A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are all about to be shot by a firing squad. The redhead goes out first and stands in front of them. Right before they shoot, the redhead screams, "Tornado!" The firing squad turns to look, and the redhead runs away. 

The brunette is up next, and decides it would be a good idea to to do the same thing that the redhead did. So, just as the firing squad is about to shoot, she screams, "Earthquake!" The firing squad looks around for a moment, distracted, giving the brunette just enough time to run away. 

Then the blonde comes up and decides to copy the redhead and the brunette. Just as the firing squad is about to shoot, the blonde screams, "Fire!"A man and a woman are in a lamaze class, and the woman is 7 months pregnant. In this class, the lamaze instructor is trying to get the husbands to understand what their wives are going through. All the men put on fake bellies, and the lamaze instructor walks up to the first man and drops a pencil in front of him. 

"Okay, now pick up that pencil exactly as your wife would," says the lamaze instructor. 

The husband smiles slyly. "You want me to pick it up 'exactly' how my wife would? He asks. 

"Yes, exactly how your wife would," the lamaze instructor repeats, impatiently. 

The man looks at his wife, and says, "Honey, pick up that pencil."A lawyer and a blonde are sitting next to each other on an airplane. The lawyer gets bored, so he looks over to the blond and smiles, thinking maybe he can make use of his time. "Hey," he says to the blonde, "Do you want to play a game?" The blonde shakes her head and goes back to her reading. 

Five minutes later, the lawyer asks her again. She shakes her head again. When the lawyer asks her for a third time, she is exasperated and finally asks him what the game is just to get this lawyer off her back. 

"It's simple. I ask you a question. If you don't know the answer, you give me five bucks. Then you ask me a question, and if I don't know the answer, I'll give you five bucks." Seeing the blonde looks skeptical, he smiles, thinking she doesn't look very smart so he'll still make money if he changes things around a little bit. "Fine, how about this - if I get the question you ask me wrong, I pay you a HUNDRED bucks instead." Finally the blonde shrugs and looks at the man. 

"How many miles are there from the earth to the sun?" asks the lawyer. The blonde silently reaches into her purse and hands him five dollars. The lawyer smiles. "Your turn," he says in a friendly tone of voice. The blonde paused, then said, "What has 7 legs in the daytime and 2 legs at night? 

The lawyer was stumped by this. He took out his laptop and emailed all his colleagues, to no avail. Finally he shakes his head and hands the blonde a hundred dollar bill. He sits in silence for a moment, then says, "So what's the answer?" 

The blonde silently reaches into her purse and hands the lawyer a five dollar bill.Bad news: A man fell out of an airplane
Good news: He had a parachute
Bad news: The parachute didn't work
Good news: There was a haystack beneath him
Bad news: There was a pitchfork in the haystack
Good news: He missed the pitchfork
Bad news: He missed the haystackA man walks up to the bartender in a bar and says, "I bet you twenty dollars I can pee into that cup over there." He points to a cup over the bar about 4 feet away. The bartender says sure, positive that the man can't do it and he's about to make 20 bucks. Sure enough, the man ends up peeing all over the bar, anywhere but in the cup. The bartender, laughing, collects twenty dollars. The man is still smiling. Curious, the bartender asks, "You just lost your bet. Why are you smiling?"

"Well," said the man, "I just bet that man over there that I could pee all over your bar and you wouldn't do anything but laugh."A pig walks into a bar and asks for a glass of water. It drinks it, then asks where the bathroom is. The bartender points him in the right direction and pays no more attention to the pig. 

Another pig walks into the bar, orders two glasses of water. He drinks them and asks where the bathroom is. The bartender points him in the right direction and then turns his attention back to his work. 

A third pig walks in, orders five glasses of water, and drinks them all down. He gets up to leave and says goodbye to the bartender. "Wait," says the bartender, curious, "Aren't you going to ask where the bathroom is?" 

"Nope," says the pig, "I'm the pig that goes wee wee wee all the way home." 

-Courtesy of my cousinRoses are red
Violets are blue
I'm schizophrenic
And so am I!The Alaska Department of Fish and Game recently issued this warning...

"Warning: In light of the rising frequency of human/grizzly bear conflicts, the Alaska Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers, hunters and fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert of bears while in the field. We advise outdoorsmen to wear noisy little bells on their clothing, so as not to startle bears that aren't expecting them. We also advise outdoorsmen to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear. It is also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity. Outdoorsmen should recognise the difference between black bear and grizzly bear manure: Black bear manure is smaller and contains  lots of berries and squirrel fur. Grizzly bear manure has little bells in it and smells like pepper."Children were called upon in a classroom to make sentences with words chosen by the teacher. The teacher smiled when Jack raised his hand to participate. She gave him the words 'defeat', 'deduct', 'defence' and 'detail'. Jack stood seriously for a while with all eyes focused on him awaiting his reply.

"Defeat of Deduct went over defence before detail!"Yo Mama is so fat, she went to buy a water bed and they put a blanket over the Altantic Ocean.A blonde and a brunette are out driving, and the brunette tells the blonde to look out for cops - especially cops with their lights on. After they've been driving for a while, the brunette asks the blonde if she's seen any cops.
"Yes," says the blonde.
"Are their lights on?"
The blonde has to think for a moment, then says, "Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no."Two blonds decided to go shopping. A few hours later they come out and the first blond realizes that she has locked her keys in the car, so they spent a few hours pacing around the car trying to figure out what to do. Finally, the first blond looks off into the distance and sees storm clouds. She turns to her friend and says, "Quick, think of something because a storm is coming and I left the convertible top open!"A guy walks into a bar with his dog on a leash the barman says, "Geez that's a weird dog; he's stumpy-legged, pink, and doesn't have a tail, but I bet my rottweiler would beat the heck out of it." 
50 bucks is laid down. Out in the yard the rottweiler gets mauled to pieces. 

Another drinker says his pit bull will win, but the bet is 100 bucks. 

Another trip to the yard and when it's finished there are bits of pit-bull terrier all over the place. The drinker pays up and asks, "Say what breed is that anyway?" 

The owner says, "Until I cut his tail off and painted it pink it was the same breed as every other alligator."In the first book of the Bible, Guinness's, God got tired of creating the world, so He took the Sabbath off.  Adam and Eve were created from an apple tree.  Noah's wife was called Joan of Ark.  Lot's wife was a pillar of salt by day, but a ball of fire by night.

Moses led the Hebrews to the Red Sea, where they made unleavened bread, which is bread made without any ingredients.  Moses went up on Mount Cyanide to get the Ten Amendments.  The First Commandment was when Eve told Adam to eat the apple.  The Fifth Commandment is to humour thy father and mother.  The Seventh Commandment is thou shalt not admit adultery.

Moses died before he ever reached Canada.  Then Joshua led the Hebrews in the battle of Geritol.  The greatest miracle in the Bible is when Joshua told his son to stand still and he obeyed him.

David was a Hebrew king skilled at playing the liar.  He fought with the Finklesteins, a race of people who lived in Biblical times.  Solomon, one of David's sons, had 300 wives and 700 porcupines.

Jesus enunciated the Golden Rule, which says to do one to others before they do one to you.  He also explained, "Man doth not live by sweat alone."

The people who followed the Lord were called the 12 decibels.  The epistles were the wives of the apostles.  One of the opossums was St. Matthew, who was by profession a taximan.

St. Paul cavorted to Christianity.  He preached holy acrimony, which is another name for marriage.  A Christian should have only one wife.  This is called monotony.Looking in the mall for a nightgown, I tried my luck in a store known for its sexy lingerie. To my delight, however,  I found just what I was looking for. Waiting in the line  to pay, I noticed a young woman behind me holding the same item. This confirmed what I suspected all along: despite being over 50, I still have a very "with it" attitude. 
 
 "I see we have the same taste," I said proudly to the 20- something behind me. 
 
 "Yes," she replied. "I'm getting this for my grandmother."I was teaching my 6-year-old daughter how to unbuckle her seat belt. She asked, "Do I click the square?" I said yes.
 
She then asked me, "Single click or double click?"One day, an old man went to a teenager with spiked hair. He asked him, "Have you done anything crazy in your life?"
The teen replied, "No".
So the old man said, "Well, about 15 years ago, I was drunk, and I saw a porcupine. Now I am wondering if you are my son."One day, a teen went to the docter, and said: "DOCTOR! Whenever I go to the bathroom, nickels come out!" The docter replies, "Drink lots of water, and keep your feet elevated." The next week, the teen comes back and says that dimes come out. The doctor says the same thing. Next week, he says that quarters are coming. Then half dollars. The doctor finally replies, "You're at the time where you go through change."When Eve was first created, she had 3 breasts. She asks God, "What shall I do with this extra breast?" And God created Adam.Donald MacDonald from the Isle of Skye went to study at an English university and was living in the hall of residence with all the other students there. After he had been there a month, his mother came to visit him.

"And how do you find the English students, Donald?" she asked.

"Mother," he replied,"they're such terrible, noisy
people. The one on that side keeps banging his head on the wall and won't stop. The one on the other side screams and screams all night."

"Oh Donald! How do you manage to put up with these awful noisy English neighbors?"

"Mother, I do nothing. I just ignore them. I just stay here quietly, playing my bagpipes.""And will there be anything else, sir?" the bellboy asked after setting out an elaborate dinner for two.

"No, thank you," the gentleman replied. "That will be all."

As the young man turned to leave, he noticed a beautiful satin negligee on the bed. "Anything for your wife?" he asked.

"Yeah! That's a good idea," the fellow said...

"Please bring up a postcard. I'll mail her a note!"A man is driving up a steep, narrow mountain road. A woman is driving down the same road. As they pass each other the woman leans out the window and yells, "PIG!!"

The man immediately leans out his window and replies,
"BITCH!!"

They each continue on their way, and as the man rounds the next corner, he crashes into a pig in the middle of the road.A new employee is hired at the Tickle Me Elmo factory. The personnel manager explains her duties, and tells her to report to work promptly at 8:00 am.

The next day at 8:45 am, there's a knock at the personnel manager's door, and the assembly line foreman comes in and starts ranting about this new employee.

He says she's incredibly slow, and the whole line is backing up. The foreman takes the personnel manager down to the factory floor to show him the problem.

Sure enough, Elmos are backed up all over the place. At the end of the line is the new employee. She has a roll of the material used for the Elmos and a big bag of marbles. They both watch as she cuts a little piece of fabric, wraps it around two marbles, and starts sewing the little package between Elmo's legs.

The personnel manager starts laughing hysterically. After several minutes, he pulls himself together, walks over to the woman, and says, "I'm sorry, I guess you misunderstood me yesterday. Your job is to give Elmo two test tickles."There are three guys talking in the pub. Two of them are talking about the amount of control they have over their wives, while the third remains quiet.

After a while one of the first two turns to the third and says, "Well, what about you, what sort of control do you have over your wife?"

The third fellow says, "I'll tell you. Just the other night my wife came to me on her hands and knees."

The first two guys were amazed. "Wow! What happened then?" they asked.

The third man took a healthy swallow of his beer, sighed and
uttered, "She said, 'Get out from under the bed and fight like a man.'"A hotdog walks into a bar and orders a beer.

The bartender replies, "Sorry, we don't serve food here".Two beggars are sitting on a park bench outside a church on a Sunday morning. They are both dressed in rags, each is holding a top hat, the one has a large cross around his neck and the other a large Star of David. After church, the  congregants file out, each placing money in the hat belonging to the beggar with the cross while ignoring the beggar with the Star of David. Soon the hat of the beggar with the cross is overflowing with money while the other beggar's hat remains empty.  

A priest who has been watching this approaches the bench and says to the beggar with the Star of David around his neck "My son, surely you realize you are in a Christian country, in a Christian neighborhood, on a Sunday morning, sitting outside a church? How can you possibly expect anyone to give you any money, especially since you are wearing a large Star of David around your neck?"

On hearing this, the beggar with the Star of David around his neck turns to the other beggar and says, "Moshe, can you believe this priest trying to tell us how to run our business?"Why are the blonde's boobs square?

She forgot to take the tissues out of the box!A trucker hauling computers and accessories is driving down the highway late one night when he sees a truck stop on the side of the road, so he decides to pull over. On approaching the door he reads a sign: "NO NERDS". He shrugs it off and enters. He is greeted by the end of a shotgun barrel in his face. "Are you a nerd?" the bartender asks. "No, I'm a truck driver", he replies. He's allowed to come in, so he orders a cup of coffee, sits at the bar and drinks it.

While he drinks his coffee, a man walks in wearing his pants up to his chest, a plaid shirt, pocket protector and thick-framed glasses. The bartender pulls out his shotgun and blows him away. "What the hell did you do that for!?" Asks the trucker. "Well," the bartender answers, "it's nerd season". "Nerd season?" asks the trucker, confused. "Yeah. See, the nerd population in this town is getting out of hand, so we've opened up nerd season".

So, with that, the trucker finishes his coffee and goes back on the road. While he's driving, the car in front of him suddenly swerves and crashes. To avoid becoming part of the disaster, he swerves to get out of the way, loses control, and his trailer flips and he dumps his load all over the road. He gets out of his truck to see nerds coming from all directions grabbing everything they can. He doesn't know what to do. He's gotta stop this and remembers what the bartender told him. He goes back to his truck, pulls out his gun and starts picking them off, one by one.

While doing this, a highway patrol officer starts running after him, waving his arms screaming, "STOP! STOP!" "What?" the trucker asks, confused, "I thought it was nerd season." "Well, yeah," the officer answers, "but you can't bait 'em!"An old man lived alone in Idaho. He wanted to spade his potato garden, but it was very hard work. His only son, Bubba, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his
predicament.

Dear Bubba,

I am feeling pretty bad because it looks like I won't be able to plant my potato garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. If you were here, all my troubles would be over. I know you would dig the lot for me.

Love Dad


A few days later he received a letter from his son.


Dear Dad,

For heaven's sake, dad, don't dig up that garden, that's where I buried the BODIES!

Love Bubba


At 4 the next morning, F.B.I. agents and local police
showed up and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day the old man received another letter from his son.


Dear Dad,

Go ahead and plant the potatoes now. That's the best I could do under the circumstances.

Love Bubba.How do you know if a dummy has been sending e-mail?

You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.How do a blond's braincells die?

Alone.Q: How many law professors does it take to change a lightbulb?

A: Hell, you need 250 just to lobby for the research grant.A judge asks a defendant to stand. "You are charged with murdering a school teacher with a chain saw." From out of the audience a man shouts "You lying maggot!"

"Silence in the court!" the judge shouted back. He turns to the defendant again and says, "You are also charged with killing a paperboy with a shovel."

"You Goddamned tightwad!" blurted the spectator.

"Quiet!" yelled the judge. "You are also charged with killing a mailman with an electric drill."

"You cheap son of a..." the man starts to shout when the judge thunders back "If you don't tell me the reason for your outbursts right now, I will hold you in contempt!"

"I've lived next to that lying maggot for ten years now, but do you think he ever had a f*****g tool when I needed to borrow one!"Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.Every Sunday 3 boys would go to church and confess. So the first boy went up to the priest. The priest says "What have you done bad in your life son". 

The boy responds with "I've swore to my mother."

The priest says,"Take one sip of holy water." 

The second boys goes up to the priest and the priest asks, "What have you done bad in your life son?"

The boy responds with, "I've stolen something".

The priest says "Take two sips of holy water."

After every sip the third boy is laughing his head off.

So the third boy goes up to the priest and the priest says, "What have you done bad in your life son" 

The boy responds with, "I peed in the holy water."Low Self-Esteem Support Group will meet Thursdays
at 7:30 to 8:30, Please use the back door.

Weight Watchers will meet at 7 p.m. Please use
large double doors at the side entrance.A guy receives a free ticket to the Super Bowl from his company. Unfortunately, when he arrives at the stadium, he realizes the seat is in the upper corner of the stadium; he's closer to the Goodyear Blimp than the field. About halfway through the first quarter he sees through his binoculars an empty seat 10 rows off the field, right on the 50 yard line. He decides to take a chance and makes his way through the stadium and around the security guards to the empty seat.

As he sits down he ask the gentleman sitting next to him, "Excuse me, is anyone sitting here?" The man says no. Now, very excited to be in such a great seat for the game, he again inquires of the man next to him, "This is incredible! Who in their right mind would have a seat like this at the Super Bowl and not use it?!"

The man replies, "Well, actually, the seat belongs to me. I was suppose to come with my wife, but she passed away. This is the first Super Bowl we haven't been together at, since we got married.

Well, "Thats really sad, but still, you couldn't find anyone to take the seat? A friend or close relative?'

"No," the man replies, "They're all at the funeral."A young man went to a house to pick up his blind date. The girl wasn't quite ready, so her father  invited the lad to sit on the couch and wait. Dad sat in his easy chair and proceeded to read his newspaper, while the family dog, Rover, jumped onto the couch and sniffed out the stranger. 

Suddenly, the young man felt the urge to fart and didn't know what to do, however, since the dog was nearby, he decided to squeak it out and feign innocence. 

"Brrroough," went the fart! Dad peered over his newspaper and said, "Rover! Get off that couch!" 

The young man was relieved. Obviously, Dad thought Rover had done the deed. Soon, another fart rumbled in the young man's guts, and he let it rip, assured that Rover would once again be blamed. 

Sure enough, Dad peered over his newspaper and said more sharply, "Rover! I said get off the couch!" 

Happily, the young man decided that he could fart whenever the urge arose and he let yet another one fly. 

Finally, Dad threw down his newspaper in disgust and bellowed, "Rover! FOR GOD'S SAKE, GET OFF THAT COUCH BEFORE HE craps ON YOU!!!"Yo momma is so dumb that when she got locked in the grocery store she starved to death!Yo mama stinks so bad that when she puts on her 'Secret' deodorant it tells! ha ha :)A lawyer died and arrived at the pearly gates. To his dismay, there were thousands of people ahead of him in line to see St. Peter. To his surprise, St. Peter left his desk at the gate and came down the long line to where the laywer was, and greeted him warmly. 
Then St. Peter and one of his assistants took the lawyer by the hands and guided him up to the front of the line, and into a comfortable chair by his desk. 

The lawyer said, "I don't mind all this attention, but what makes me so special?" 

St. Peter replied, "Well, I've added up all the hours for which you billed your clients, and by my calculation you must be about 193 years old!"As usual, things were not going well at the United Nations. Thus, many visiting ambassadors had to room together. It just so happend that Vladimir, the Russian Ambassador, and Umballa, the Zambian Ambassador, were sharing a suite. To pass the time, Vladimir introduced his fellow dignitary to the Russian game of roulette. He produced an antique Soviet revolver, and a single bullet. It took a while, but he was finally able to explain the gist of the game to Umballa. Intrigued and excited, Umballa loved the game. By the time the U.N. meeting was over, the two had become fast friends. As they parted company at the airport, Umballa told Vladimir, ''One day, you must visit my country, and try our version of your roulette.'' 

A year later, Vladimir was in Zambia, and looked up his old friend. Umballa remembered him, and welcomed him with open arms. 

''I have come, my comrade, to try your game.'' 

''Very well. Come with me.'' Umballa took his friend before six, buck-naked bush women. ''Pick one. Any one. And she will give you a blowjob.'' 

''But my friend, where is the danger in this?'' 

Umballa replied with a toothy smile, ''One of them is a cannibal.''1. A few fries short of a Happy Meal. 
2. The wheel's spinning, but the hamster's dead. 
3. He fell out of the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down. 
4. Elevator doesn't go all the way to the top floor. 
5. Forgot to pay his brain bill. 
6. A few clowns short of a circus. 
7. If he had another brain, it would be lonely. 
8. Too much yardage between the goal posts. 
9. A few beers short of a six-pack. 
10. Dumber than a box of hair. 
11. A few peas short of a casserole. 
12. One taco short of a combination plate. 
13. All foam, no beer. 
14. The cheese slid off his cracker. 
15. Body by Fisher, brains by Mattel. 
16. Has an IQ of 2, but it takes 3 to grunt. 2
17. Warning: Objects in mirror are dumber than they appear. 18. An intellect rivaled only by garden tools. 
19. As smart as bait. 
20. His belt doesn't go through all the loops. 
21. Proof that evolution CAN go in reverse. 
22. Surfing in Nebraska. 
22. In the pinball game of life, his flippers were a little farther apart than most. 
23. One sandwich short of a picnic. 
24. The light's on, but nobody's home. 
25. If dumb were dirt, he'd cover about an acre.The bumper sticker on your car reads: "What Would Dawson Do?" 
In the middle of an exam, you tell the professor you want to use a lifeline. 
You need to be tranquilized when the cable goes out. 
In the late evening, you look forward to sitting back and catching the latest informercial. 
If you're a witness to an argument, you instinctually shout, "Jer-ry! Jer-ry! Jer-ry!" 
You try to impress the opposite sex by saying, "Hey, I get 120 channels!" 
Your entire CD collection consists of "Greatest Hits" albums by the decade. 
You have a gold-plated "clicker." 
Your intellectual discussions all stem from The Discovery Channel. 
After 15 minutes of work, you need a two-minute break.There once was this deacon and this preacher, and they had been really good friends for a long time. Well, one day the deacon got sick and was taken to hospital, so the preacher decided to go and see his old friend. When he walked into the hospital room, the preacher noticed all the hoses and stuff they had going into the deacon. The preacher walked over and kneeled by the bed and asked, "How ya doing?" The deacon motioned at a pad and pen on the nightstand. "You want that?" the preacher asked him, and the deacon nodded his head yes. So the preacher handed his friend the pad and pen and the deacon began to write. All of a sudden the deacon died. At his funeral, the preacher was asked to deliver the service. "He was a good man and I'll never forget him," the preacher said, "I was with him when he died and as a matter of fact I have his last thought in my coat pocket here." The preacher reaches into his pocket and pulls out the paper. "Please, get up! You're kneeling on my oxygen hose!"Three friends die and go to heaven. The first guy gets handcuffed to one of the ugliest girls there. 
''Why?'' he asks. 

St. Paul replies, ''When you were nine you killed a bird with a stone.'' The same happens to the second guy. He asks why. 

St. Paul replies, ''When you were nine you killed a bird with a stone.'' The third guy laughs at his friends and says, ''Thank God I didn't do anything like that.'' He gets handcuffed to the prettiest girl in heaven. The other two guys ask, ''Why?'' 

''Because when she was nine she killed a bird with a stone.''This guy lives in Westchester, NY and goes to school at Ithaca College. For two years, he has wanted to ask a certain girl (who is also from Westchester and also goes to Ithaca) out on a date, but has never had the courage. 
Finally, one day over the summer, he sees her at home and musters up the courage to ask her out. She accepts, and they make dinner plans for Saturday night. Friday night, this guy goes out with all of his buddies, and drinks like Prohibition is coming back. Saturday, he is in such bad shape that he can't make it through twenty minutes without either puking or shitting. 

After several hours of this, he is able to stop puking, but he is still running to the toilet every 20 minutes to shit. He doesn't want to cancel the date, because he's afraid he won't ever talk to her again. So they meet in Westchester, and take the train to New York City (about a 30 minute ride). 

They get to the restaurant, and he excuses himself during the appetizers to use the bathroom. They enjoy the rest of the appetizers without interruption, but he has to go back again during the entrees. They decide to get dessert. During dessert, our hero feels another rumbling, but doesn't want to look like a complete bathroom freak, so he holds it. After a few minutes, the rumbling subsides, but he still has a bit of gas stored up. He decides to let this little bit of gas fly right there at the table (discreetly, of course). 

Unfortunately, this little bit of gas came with another little surprise. 'Oh shit,' he thinks (and feels). Instead of running to the bathroom right away, our hero immediately leans on the arms of his chair to keep from sitting on this surprise. He maintains this yoga position for the rest of dessert, trying to figure out what to do before his tan pants (a) start to smell, or (b) start to show stains on the outside. He quickly pays for dinner and they leave the restaurant. Oh, by the way, he is walking like a cowboy. 

On the way to the train station, they pass the Gap. 'Do you mind if I run in and buy a sweater that I was looking at last week?' he asks. 'No problem, I'd like to look around too,' she replies. They go into the Gap. Fortunately, at the Gap, men's fashions are on the right, women's fashions are on the left. They split up. 

Our hero grabs the first sweater within reach, and hurries back to the khakis. After selecting a pair that most closely resemble his current outfit, he brings both items to the register. His eyes are on his date (still on the other side of the store) to make sure that she doesn't see him buying the pants. He doesn't even want the sweater, so he says through clenched teeth (just in case his date can read lips from 40 feet away) 'Just the pants.' 'What?' asks the Gap girl. 'Just the pants!' (Eyes still trained on his date.) Gap girl: 'Oh, OK.' He pays for the pants and walks over to his date, then they leave the store. 

They board the train just before it leaves the station and find two seats in the middle of the car. Without sitting down, our hero excuses himself and walks to the bathroom in the back of the car. He gets to the bathroom as the train departs, and quickly rips off his pants and boxer shorts. He rolls them into a ball and throws them out the window. After cleaning himself off, he opens the Gap bag and pulls out...just the sweater.1. Your dog rather rub up against the wall than have you pet it. 
2. All the numbers in your little black book start with "1-900."
3. Due to excessive hazing and ridicule, you decided to drop out of the Origami Club. 
4. You were almost involved in a threesome, but your left hand fell asleep. 
5. Fantasizing out loud before falling asleep is your idea of "pillow talk." 
6. Your personal ad reads: "Seeking Anybody." 
7. Next to your name in the phone directory, the phone number is replaced with the phrase "Who cares?" 
8. You look forward to the dinner time calls from telemarketers.
9. The last time you were invited to a party, you were grooving to the lyric, "Put your right foot in, take your right foot out." 
10. You spent last summer following around the 2000 Bible Belt Trekkie Convention Tour.A little boy was in his room playing with himself, when his father walked in. 
"Son! If you masturbate too much, you're gonna go blind!" 

"Dad," the boy said, "I'm over here."A very successful lawyer parked his brand-new Lexus in front of his office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a truck passed too close and completely tore the door off of the driver's side. The counselor immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up.
 
Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the lawyer started screaming hysterically. His Lexus, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it. 

When the lawyer finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. 

"I can't believe how materialistic you lawyers are," he said. "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else." 

"How can you say such a thing?" asked the lawyer. 

The cop replied, "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you." 

"Ahhh!" screamed the lawyer. "Where's my Rolex?"If Men Ruled the World  


Any fake phone number a girl gave you would automatically forward your call to her real number. 
Nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed an acceptable response to "I love you." 
Hallmark would make "Sorry, what was your name again?" cards. 
If your girlfriend really needed to talk to you during the game, she'd appear in a little box in the corner of the screen during a time-out. 
Breaking up would be a lot easier. A smack to the ass and a "Nice hustle, you'll get 'em next time," would pretty much do it. 
Birth control would come in ale or lager. 
You'd be expected to fill your resume with gag names of people you'd worked for, like "Heywood J'Blowme." 
Each year, your raise would be pegged to the fortunes of the NFL team of your choice. 
The funniest guy in the office would get to be CEO. 
"Sorry I'm late, but I got really wasted last night" would be an acceptable excuse for tardiness. 
At the end of the workday, a whistle would blow and you'd jump out your window and slide down the tail of a brontosaurus and right into your car like Fred Flintstone. 
It'd be considered harmless fun to gather 30 friends, put on horned helmets, and go pillage a nearby town. 
Lifeguards could remove citizens from beaches for violating the "public ugliness" ordinance. 
Tanks would be far easier to rent. 
Garbage would take itself out. 
Instead of beer belly, you'd get "beer biceps." 
Instead of an expensive engagement ring, you could present your wife-to-be with a giant foam hand that said, "You're #1!" 
Valentine's Day would be moved to February 29th so it would only occur in leap years. 
On Groundhog Day, if you saw your shadow, you'd get the day off to go drinking. Mother's Day, too. 
St. Patrick's Day, however, would remain exactly the same. 
But it would be celebrated every month. 
Cops would be broadcast live, and you could phone in advice to the pursuing cops. Or to the crooks. 
Two words: Ally McNaked. 
Regis and Kathie Lee would be chained to a cement mixer and pushed off the Golden Gate Bridge for the most lucrative pay-per-view event in world history. 
The victors in any athletic competition would get to kill and eat the losers. 
The only show opposite Monday Night Football would be Monday Night Football from a Different Camera Angle. 
It would be perfectly legal to steal a sports car, as long as you returned it the following day with a full tank of gas. 
Every man would get four real Get Out of Jail Free cards per year. 
When a cop gave you a ticket, every smart-aleck answer you responded with would actually reduce your fine. 
    As in: Cop: "You know how fast you were going?" 
    You: "All I know is, I was spilling my beer all over the place."
    Cop: "Nice one. That's $10 off." 
Faucets would run "Hot," "Cold," and "100 proof." 
The Statue of Liberty would get a bright red, 40-foot thong. 
People would never talk about how fresh they felt. 
Daisy Duke shorts would never again go out of style. 
Telephones would automatically cut off after 30 seconds of conversation.A priest wanted to convince a prostitute to turn respectable. So he met with her one day and began slowly warming up to her. 
"Oh, my child," he said, "your dress is most lovely." 

"Thank you, Father," she replied. 

The radio was playing and they danced a little as they talked. 

"Oh, my child," said the priest, "your conversation is most lovely." 

"Thank you, Father," said the prostitute. 

Finally, the priest sat her down and said, "Oh, my child, there is one thing I have against you." 

And the prostitute said, "Yes, I know, Father. I felt it while we were dancing."Christmas Italian Style  

'Twas the night before Christmas, 
Da whole house was mella 
Not a creature was stirrin', 
Cuz I had a gun unda my pilla. 

When up on da roof 
I heard somethin' pound, 
I sprung to da window, 
To scream, "YO! Keep it down!" 


When what to my 
Wonderin' eyes should appear, 
But da Don of all elfs, 
And eight friggin' reindeer! 


Wit' slicked back black hair, 
And a silk red suit, 
Don Santa wuz here, 
And he brought all da loot! 

Wit' a slap to dare snouts, 
And a yank on dare manes, 
He cursed and he shouted, 
And he called dem by name. 

"Yo Tony, Yo Frankie, 
Yo Vinny, Yo Vito, 
Ay Joey, Ay Paulie, 
Ay Pepe, Ay Guido!" 


As I drew out my gun 
And hid by da bed, 
He flew troo da winda 
And slapped me 'side da head. 

"What da hell you doin' 
Pullin' a gun on da Don? 
Now all you're gettin' is coal, 
You friggin' moron!" 

Den pointin' a fat finga 
Right unda my nose, 
He twisted his pinky ring, 
And up da chimney he rose. 

He sprang to his sleigh, 
Obscenities screamin', 
Away dey all flew, 
Before he troo dem a beatin' 

Den I heard him yell out, 
What I did least expect, 
"Merry Friggin' Christmas to all, 
And yous better show some respect!"Did you get any under the tree? 
I think your balls are hanging too low. 
Check out Rudolph's honker! 
Santa's sack is really bulging. 
Lift up the skirt so I can get a whiff. 
Did you get a piece of the fruitcake? 
I love licking the end till it's really sharp and pointy. 
From here you can't tell if they're artificial or real. 
Can I interest you in some dark meat? 
To get it to stand up straight, try propping it against the wall.A blonde decides to try horseback riding, even though she has had no lessons or prior experience. She mounts the horse unassisted and it immediately springs into motion. It gallops along at a steady and rhythmic pace, but the blonde begins to slip from the saddle. In terror, she grabs for the horse's mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip. 
She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway. The horse gallops along, seemingly ignorant of its slipping rider. 

Finally, giving up her frail grip, the blonde attempts to leap away from the horse and throw herself to safety. Unfortunately, her foot becomes entangled in the stirrup, and she is now at the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground over and over. 

She starts to lose consciousness, but to her great fortune, Bobby, the Wal-Mart greeter, sees her and unplugs the horse.A blonde was having sharp pains in her side. The doctor examined her and said, "You have acute appendicitis."

The blonde yelled at the doctor, "I came here to get medical help, not get a stupid compliment!"There was an old priest who got sick of all the people in his parish confessing to adultery. 
One Sunday, in the pulpit, he said, "If I hear one more person confess to adultery, I'll quit!" 

Well, everyone liked him, so they came up with a code word. Someone who had committed adultery would say instead that they had 'fallen.' 

This seemed to satisfy the old priest and things went well until the priest passed away at a ripe old age. 

A few days after the new priest arrived, he visited the mayor of the town and seemed very concerned. 

"Mayor, you have to do something about the sidewalks in town. When people come into the confessional, they keep telling me they've fallen." 

The mayor started to laugh, realizing that no one had told the new priest about the code word. But, before he could explain, the priest shook an accusing finger at him and shouted, "I don't know what you're laughing about, because your wife has fallen three times this week!"A Letter From A Redneck Mother To Her Son  


    Dear Son,

    I'm writing this slow 'cause I know you can't read fast.  We don't live where we did when you left.  Your dad read in the paper that most accidents happen within twenty miles of home, so we moved. Won't be able to send you the address as the last Arkansas family that lived here took the numbers with them for their house, so they wouldn't have to change their address.

    This place has a washing machine.  The first day I put four shirts in it, pulled the chain and haven't seen 'em since.

    It only rained twice this week, three days the first time and four days the second time.

    The coat you wanted me to send to you, Aunt Sue said it would be a little too heavy to send in the mail with them heavy buttons, so we cut them off and put them in the pockets.

    We got a bill from the funeral home, and it said if we didn't make the final payment on Grandma's funeral bill, up she comes.

    About your sister, she had a baby this morning.  I haven't found out whether if it is a boy or a girl so don't know if you are an Aunt or Uncle.

    Your Uncle John fell in the whiskey vat.  Some men tried to get him out, but he fought them off playfully, so he drowned.  We cremated him and he burned for three days.

    Three of your friends went off the bridge in a pickup.  One was driving and the other two were in the back.  The driver got out.  He rolled down the window and swam to safety.  The other 2 drowned.  They couldn't get the tail gate down.

    Not much more news this time.  Nothing much happened.  If you don't get this letter, please let me know and I will send another one.

Love, Ma40 Things Never Said By Southerners  


40. Oh I just couldn't. Hell, she's only sixteen.
39. I'll take Shakespeare for 1000, Alex.
38. Duct tape won't fix that.
37. Lisa Marie was lucky to catch Michael.
36. Come to think of it, I'll have a Heineken.
35. We don't keep firearms in this house.
34. Has anybody seen the sideburns trimmer?
33. You can't feed that to the dog.
32. I thought Graceland was tacky.
31. No kids in the back of the pickup, it's just not safe.
30. Wrasslin's fake.
29. Honey, did you mail that donation to Greenpeace?
28. We're vegetarians.
27. Do you think my gut is too big?
26. I'll have grapefruit and grapes instead of biscuits and gravy.
25. Honey, we don't need another dog.
24. Who's Richard Petty?
23. Give me the small bag of pork rinds.
22. Too many deer heads detract from the decor.
21. Spittin is such a nasty habit.
20. I just couldn't find a thing at Walmart today.
19. Trim the fat off that steak.
18. Cappuccino tastes better than espresso.
17. The tires on that truck are too big.
16. I'll have the arugula and radicchio salad.
15. I've got it all on the C drive.
14. Unsweetened tea tastes better.
13. Would you like your salmon poached or broiled?
12. My fiance, Bobbie Jo, is registered at Tiffany's.
11. I've got two cases of Zima for the Super Bowl.
10. Little Debbie snack cakes have too many fat grams.
09. Checkmate.
08. She's too young to be wearing a bikini.
07. Does the salad bar have bean sprouts?
06. Hey, here's an episode of "Hee Haw" that we haven't  seen.
05. I don't have a favorite college team.
04. Be sure to bring my salad dressing on the side.
03. I believe you cooked those green beans too long.
02. Those shorts ought to be a little longer, Darla.
01. Nope, no more for me. I'm drivin tonight.One night, a father passed by his son's room and heard his son praying: "God bless Mommy, Daddy, and Grandma. Ta ta, Grandpa." 

The father didn't quite know what this meant, but was glad his son was praying. The next morning, they found Grandpa dead on the floor of a heart attack. The father reassured himself that it was just a coincidence, but was still a bit spooked. 

The next night, he heard his son praying again: "God bless Mommy and Daddy. Ta ta, Grandma." 

The father was worried, but decided to wait until morning. Sure enough, the next morning Grandma was on the floor, dead of a heart attack. 

Really scared now, the father decided to wait outside his son's door the next night. And sure enough, the boy started to pray: "God bless Mommy. Ta ta, Daddy." 

Now the father was crapping in his pants. He stayed up all night, and went to the doctor's early the next day to make sure his health was fine. When he finally came home, his wife was waiting on the porch. She said, "Thank God you're here -- we could really use your help! We found the milkman dead on our porch this morning!"There once was a set of twin alligators that grew up in the same bayou.  One, however, was much larger and stronger than the other.  

One day the twins were sitting there talking, and trying to figure out why one was so much bigger - since they were the same age, had the same genes, and grew up in the same place.  The bigger alligator asked his smaller brother where he had been feeding.  The smaller said, "down in that parking lot at the end of the bayou, why?".  The bigger said, "well, thats where I feed too, what's your technique?"  

The smaller then looked at him and said "well, I go over to one of those lawyers cars, and hide up under it, when he comes out, I grab him, shake the shit out of him, and then eat him."  

The larger then exclaimed, "that's it!  by the time you shake the shit out of a lawyer, there's nothing left but the briefcase!"In a 4 story building there lived 4 people:
On the 1st floor lived a cop
On the 2nd floor lived a thief
On the 3rd floor lived a blind man
On the 4th floor lived a very clean woman that took alot of showers.

One day the woman on the 4th floor got into the shower. She heard a knock on the door. "Who is it?" she asked, "It's the cop". 

So the woman pur her robe on and went to open the door. "Wish me Mazel Tov!" said the cop. The woman asked him why, and he said: "Because I caught all the thiefs except one!". She says Mazel Tov and goes back to the shower. 

She heard another knock on the door. "Who is it?" she asked, "It's the thief". So the woman pur her robe on and went to open the door. "Wish me Mazel Tov!" said the thief. The woman asked him why, and he said: "Because the cop caught all the thiefs exept me!". She says Mazel Tov and goes back to the shower. 

Another knock was heard, so she asked "Who is it" and the voice said "It's the blind guy", so she decides not to put on the robe and opens the door. The blind guy says "Wish me Mazel Tov!" and she asks "Why?" so he says: "Because I CAN SEE!"Q: Why do women fart less than men? 

A: Because they won't shut up long enough to
build up pressure."I never forget a face. However, in your case, I'll
be glad to make an exception."

-Groucho MarxIs your computer male of female? As you are aware, ships have long been characterized as being female (e.g., "Steady as she goes", or "She's listing to starboard, Captain!" Recently a group of computer scientists (all males) announced that computers should also be referred to as being female. Their reasons for drawing this conclusions follow:

1. No one but the creator understands their internal logic.

2. The native language they use to communicate with other computers is incomprehensible to everyone else.

3. The message "Bad command or file name" is about as informative as "If you don't know why I'm mad at you, then I'm certainly not going to tell you."

4. Even your smallest mistakes are stored in long-term memory for later retieval.

5. As soon as you make a commitment to one, you find yourself spending half your paycheck on accessories for it.

However, another group of computer scientists (all female) claim that computers should be referred to as if they were male. Their reasons follow:

1. They have lots of data but are still clueless.

2. They are supposed to help you solve problems, but half the time they are the problem.

3. As soon as you commit to one you realise that, if you had waited a little longer, you could have obtained a better model.

4. In order to get their attention, you have to turn them on.

5. Big power surges knock them out for the rest of the night.Our lager, 
Which art in barrels, 
Hallowed be thy drink. 
Thy will be drunk, 
I will be drunk, 
At home as it is in the tavern. 
Give us this day our foamy head, 
And forgive us our spillages, 
As we forgive those who spill against us. 
And lead us not to incarceration, 
But deliver us from hangovers. 
For thine is the beer, The bitter, The lager.A well dressed man walks into a bar in a rather rough side of town. The bartender watches to make sure no fights break out with him.
To the bartenders suprise, the man starts hitting his hand like hes dialing a telephone. He puts his hand to his ear and starts talking.
The bartender goes over to him and says, "What are you crazy? People see you doing that, they'll kick your ass."
The man replies, "No, no it's the state of the art telephone built into my hand. Here have a look."
The bartender has a nice chat with his mom on the mans hand and says, "wow, that's impressive." Then goes back to work. 
10 minutes later the man goes into the bathroom and a bunch of gang-bangers go in after him. The gang leaves laughing and the man is nowhere to be seen. 
Horrified to what he might find he runs into the bathroom and sees the man spread eagle out on the floor with a roll of toilet paper shoved up his butt.
The bartender asks, "Are you OK? What did they do??"
The man replies, "Huh? Oh, don't worry. I'm just waiting for a fax."A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink and while he's drinking it the monkey jumps around all over the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them, then grabs some sliced limes and eats them, then jumps up on the pool table, grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole. 
The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?" The guy says, "No, what?" "He just ate the cue ball off my pool table, whole!", says the bartender. "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the patron. He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff." He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves. 
Two weeks later he's in the bar again, and he has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out, and eats it. 
The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?", he asks. 
"Now what?", responds the patron. 
"Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his ass, then pulled it out and ate it!" says the barkeeper. 
"Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the patron. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that cue ball he measures everything first!"What do you call an honest lawyer?

An oxymoron.A man goes into a bar. He sits down and starts staring at a young punk with spiked red hair, multicolored clothes, and an earring.
The punk gets mad turns around and says, "Hey old man, what are you looking at?"
The old man says, "Nothing, it's just that when I was in the army, I got really drunk and had sex with a parrot. I was wondering if you were my son."So ... the other day, my friends and I went to this "Ladies Night Club." 
One of the girls wanted to impress us, so she pulls out a $10 bill. 
The "dancer" came over to us, and my friend licked the $10 and put it on his butt cheek. 
Not to be outdone, another friend pulls out a $20 bill. She calls the guy back over, licks the $20 bill and puts it on his other butt cheek. 
Still attempting to impress the rest of us, my other friend pulls out a $50 bill. She calls the guy back over again, licks the $50 bill and again puts it on one of his butt cheeks. Now the attention is focused on me. What could I do to top that? 
I got out my wallet, thought for a minute ... and then the financial analyst in me took over. I got out my ATM card, swiped it down the crack of his ass, grabbed the $80 bucks and went home!A blonde was sitting down in a bar one day next to a red-head. Both of them were sitting there having a good time and then the news turned on. 
The woman reporter shouted out "This just in! A man is at the edge of a cliff attempting to jump!". Then the red-head leans over to the blonde and whispers, "I bet you $50 that the man's gonna jump!" The blonde responds back "That's a bet you have there!". 
So, both of the women stared at the news waiting to know what's gonna happen. Then, the man jumps! The blonde turns around to the red-head and hands her the $50. The red-head feeling guilty said "I cant take that there money. I saw the news earlier this mornin', I knew he was gonna jump off that there cliff." 
And the blonde says "Well, I did too! But I never would have thought that the man would do it again!"A brunette, blonde and a redhead walk into a bar.

The bartender tells them there is a magic mirror in the back room and if you stand in front of it and say something you think that's true you'll get something nice. But if you lie you'll be sucked in, never to be heard from again.

The brunette says, "I think I am the prettiest person in the bar," and she gets a brand new Corvette.

The redhead says, "I think I am the smartest person in the bar," and she gets 1 million dollars.

The blonde says, "I think---" And she disappeared.Q: Santa Claus, the tooth fairy an honest lawyer and an old drunk are walking down the street together when they simultaneously spot a hundred dollar bill. Who gets it?


A: The old drunk of course; the other three are mythical creatures.One day a group of eminent scientists got together and decided that mankind had come a long way and no longer needed God. So they picked one scientist to go and tell Him that they were done with Him.

The scientist walked up to God and said, "God, we've decided that we no longer nee You. We're at the point that we can clone people and do many miraculous things, sop why don't You just retire?"

God listened very patiently to the man and then said, "Very well, but first, how about this: Let's have a man-making contest."

To which the scientist replied, "Okay, great!" But God added, "Now we're going to do this just like I did back in the old days with Adam."

The scientist said "Sure, no problem!" and bent down and grabbed himself a handful of dirt.

God looked at him and said, "No, no, no. You got to get your own dirt!"Diplomacy: The ability to tell a person to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.There were three blondes living together. Blonde #1 was coming back from grocery shopping, and she dropped her keys. She walked down the stairs to get them, and she said to herself, "Am I going up the stairs or down the stairs?" So she stood there puzzled, the bags of groceries still in her hands.

Blonde #2 was taking a bath, and was draining the tub because it was too cold. With her hair still dry she said to herself, "Was I getting in the tub or out of the tub?" She stood there, just thinking about it.

Blonde #3 was sitting in the living room in front of the coffee table, and she said to herself, "Knock on wood I'm not as stupid as the other two!" She knocked on the table. "Was that the front door or the back door?"Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance?

A: Because it had no body to go with.Q: What does a fish use to get high?

A: Seaweed!A couple went to church every week, but every week without fail the husband would fall asleep during the sermon. The wife, being embarrassed by her husband's loud snoring, decided to bring a needle to the next service and poke him when he nodded off. The next week when they were in church, the husband, as always, fell asleep. 

"Who created the earth in 6 days and rested on the 7th?" the preacher asked. The wife stuck her husband with the needle and he jumped up and exclaimed, "Oh, my God!" The preacher said "That's correct." And the husband sat down mumbling to himself. He soon fell asleep again.

The preacher got to the question, "Who died on the cross to save us from eternal damnation?" The wife stuck her husband again and he jumped up and exclaimed, "Jesus Christ!" The preacher said, "Right again." With this, the husband fell suspicious of his wife and decided to catch her in the act. The husband pretended to fall asleep while keeping an eye on his wife. 

"What did Mary say to Joseph after Jesus was born?" the preacher asked. The wife started to poke her husband again, but before she could the husband jumped up and exclaimed, "If you stick that damn thing in me again, I'm gonna break it in half!"Q: What do a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common?

A: In the end, someone's gonna lose a trailer.A man staggers into an emergency room with two black eyes and a five iron wrapped tightly around his throat. Naturally, the doctor asks him what happened.

"Well, I was having a quiet round of golf with my wife when she sliced her ball into a pasture of cows. We went to look for it and while I was rooting around I noticed that one of the cows had something white at its rear end. I walked over and lifted up the tail and sure enough, there was my wife's golf ball... stuck right in the middle of the cows butt. That's when I made my mistake."

"What did you do?" asks the doctor.

"Well, I lifted the tail and yelled to my wife, 'Hey, this looks like yours!'"Little Nancy was in the backyard filling in a hole when her neighbour peered over the fence. Interested in what the girl was up to he asks, "What are you up to there Nancy?"

"My goldfish died," replied Nancy tearfully, without looking up, "and I've just buried him."

The neighbour was concerned, "That's an awfully big hole for a goldfish, isn't it?"

Nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied, "That's because he's inside your f*****g cat!"Prison v. Work

In prison you spend the majority of your time in an 8' by 10' cell. At work you spend most of your time in a 6' by 8' cubicle.

In prison you get three meals a day. At work you only get a break for one meal and you have to pay for that one.

In prison you get time off for good behaviour. At work you get rewarded for good behaviour with more work.

In prison a guard locks and unlocks all the doors for you. At work you must carry around a security card and unlock and open all the doors yourself.

In prison you can watch TV and play games. At work you get fired for watching TV and playing games.

In prison they ball-and-chain you when you go somewhere. At work you are just ball-and-chained.

In prison you get your own loot. At work you have to share.

In prison they allow your family and friends to visit. At work you cannot even speak to your family and friends.

In prison all expenses are paid by taxpayers, with no work required. At work you get to pay all the expenses to go to work and then they deduct taxes from your salary to pay for the prisoners.

In prison you spend most of your life looking through bars from the inside wanting to get out. At work you spend most of your time wanting to get out and inside bars.

In prison you can join many programs which you can leave at any time. At work there are some programs you can never get out of.

In prison there are wardens who are often sadistic.....

At work we have managers.The true meanings of some common male phrases:

 "I'm going fishing."
Really means... "I'm going to drink myself dangerously stupid and stand by a stream with a stick in my hand, while the fish swim by in complete safety."

"It's a guy thing."
Really means... "There is no rational thought pattern connected with it, and you have no chance at all of making it logical."

"Can I help with dinner?"
Really means... "Why isn't it already on the table?"

"Uh huh," "Sure, honey," or "Yes, dear."
Really means... Absolutely nothing. It's a conditioned response.

"It would take too long to explain."
Really means... "I have no idea how it works."

"I'm getting more exercise lately."
Really means... "The batteries in the remote are dead."

"We're going to be late."
Really means... "Now I have a legitimate excuse to drive like a maniac."

"Take a break honey, you're working too hard."
Really means... "I can't hear the game over the vacuum cleaner."

"That's interesting dear."
Really means... "Are you still talking?"

"Honey, we don't need material things to prove our love."
Really means... "I forgot our anniversary again."

"That's women's work."
Really means... "It's difficult, dirty and thankless."More male phrases explained:

"You know how bad my memory is."
Really means... "I remember the theme song to 'F Troop', the address of the first girl I ever kissed and the Vehicle Identification Numbers of every car I've ever owned, but I forgot your birthday."

"Oh, don't fuss. I just cut myself, it's no big deal."
Really means... "I have severed a limb, but will bleed to death before I admit I'm hurt."

"I do help around the house."
Really means... "I once put a dirty towel in the laundry basket."

"Hey, I've got my reasons for what I'm doing."
Really means... "I sure hope I think of some reasons pretty soon."

"I can't find it."
Really means... "It didn't fall into my outstretched hands, so I'm completely clueless."

"What did I do this time?"
Really means... "What did you catch me doing?"

"I heard you."
Really means... "I haven't the foggiest clue what you just said, and I'm hoping desperately that I can fake it well enough so that you don't spend the next days yelling at me."

"You look terrific."
Really means.. "Oh, God, please don't try on one more outfit. I'm starving."

"I missed you."
Really means... "I can't find my sock drawer, the kids are hungry and we're out of toilet paper."

"I'm not lost. I know exactly where we are."
Really means... "I'm lost. I have no idea where we are, and no one will ever see us alive again."

"I don't need to read the instructions.'
Really means... "I am perfectly capable of screwing it up without printed help."Just before Thanksgiving,  the holding pen was abuzz as Mother Turkey scolded the younger birds.

"You turkeys are always into mischief," she gobbled.  "If your grandfather could see the things you do,  he'd turn over in his gravy."The bartender at our golf club named a drink Lilac Crazy in honour of one of the members.

Every time the member came to the 19th hole, that's exactly what he did.A teacher is writing a problem on the blackboard when she turns around and says, "If you are stupid, please stand up." 
After a while, a student stands up and says,"I really don't think I'm stupid, but I feel bad for you standing there by yourself."A blonde hurries into the emergency room late one night with the tip of her index finger shot off.

"How did this happen?" the emergency room doctor asked her. 

"Well, I was trying to commit suicide," the blonde replied. 

"What?" sputtered the doctor. "You tried to commit suicide by shooting your finger off?" 

"No, Silly!" the blonde said. "First I put the gun to my chest, and I thought: I just paid $6,000.00 for these breast implants, I'm not shooting myself in the chest." 

"So then?" asked the doctor. 

"Then I put the gun in my mouth, and I thought: I just paid $3000.00 to get my teeth straightened, I'm not shooting myself in the mouth." 

"So then?" 

"Then I put the gun to my ear, and I thought: This is going to make a loud noise. So I put my finger in the other ear before I pulled the trigger."Oscar drove his brand new Mercedes car to his favorite sporting goods store. He parked it outside and went in to do a little perusing with Jan, his regular sales woman.

Jan was a pretty blonde, and as Oscar walked into the store, she happily greeted him. But he requested to look around alone today before he needed her help. She obliged and let him do his thing.

Five minutes later, Jan came running up to him yelling, "Oscar! Oscar! I just saw someone driving off with your new Mercedes!"

"Dear God! Did you try to stop him?"

"No," she said, "I did better than that! I got the license plate number!"There was this guy who was married to a blonde, and each night he came home with a new blonde joke. One night the wife got mad and decided to show him that she wasn't dumb. She spent the whole next day learning all the states and capitals. 

That night when he got home he told his joke. She says, "I'm not so dumb. I know all of the states and capitals. Go ahead, quiz me." 

He thought for a moment and asked, "What is the capital of Massachusetts?" 

She quickly replied, "M."A blonde was down on her luck. In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.

She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you."

She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10, 000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the playground. Signed, A blonde."

The blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.

The next morning the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree.

The blonde opened the bag and found the $10, 000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow blonde?"A blonde was swerving all over the road, driving very badly, so she got pulled over by a cop.

The cop walked up to her window and asked, "Miss, why are you driving so recklessly?"

The blonde said, "I'm sorry sir, but wherever I go, there's always a tree in front of me and I can't seem to get away from it!"

The cop looked at her and said, "Lady, that's your air freshener."The Pope goes to New York. He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, "You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?"
The driver is understandably hesitant and says, "I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that."
But the Pope persists, "Please?"
The driver finally lets up, "Oh, alright, I can't really say no to the Pope."
So the Pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the Pope to wind the window down. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the Pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.
Cop: Chief, I have a problem.
Chief: What sort of problem?
Cop: Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit, but it's someone really important.
Chief: Important like the mayor?
Cop: No, no, much more important than that.
Chief: Important like the governor?
Cop: Way more important than that.
Chief: Like the president?
Cop: Much more important.
Chief: "Who's more important than the president?"
Cop: "I don't know but he has the Pope DRIVING for him!"Two blondes realize that their apartment is on fire and go out onto the balcony. 

"Help, help!" yelled one of the blondes. 

"Help us, help us!" yelled the other. 

"Maybe it would help if we yelled together," said the first blonde. 

"Good idea," said the other. 

"Together, together!" they yelled.My wife keeps complaining I never listen to her...or something like that.What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?

Pull the pin and throw it back.


What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you?

Run like hell! She's got a grenade in her mouth!There's a blonde and a brunette working for a painting company. They need to paint the yellow lines on a road by hand for the city since the trucks are broken.
The first day the blonde paints 5.4 miles of road, the brunette paints 6 miles of road.
The second day the blonde paints 4.1 miles of road, the brunette paints 6.7 miles of road.
The third day the blonde paints 2.9 miles of road, the brunette paints 6.9 miles of road.
Worried about the blonde, the supervisor goes to the blonde and asks why she is painting less and less road each day. 
She replies, "The bucket just keeps getting further and further away."A blonde wanted to sell her car but failed many times. Even though the car looked pratically new it had over 400 000 miles on it. So she goes to a bar and theres a brunette sitting a few barstools away and she's wearing mechanic's overalls. They start talking and the blonde tells the brunette her problems. The brunette feels sorry for her.
The brunette says, "Well I'm a mechanic. I can help you sell your car but it's not legal."
The blonde says she'll do whatever it takes.
The brunette says, "Well I can change your odometer back to 40 000 miles and it'll be easier to sell."
The blonde agrees and gives the brunette her keys.
So the brunette takes the car back to her garage and sets back the counter. Then the next morning returns the car.
A week later they run into each other and the brunette asks the blonde if she sold her car.
The blonde says, "Why would I sell my car?? It only has 40 000 miles on it."On her birthday, a blonde was given a fishing rod. She decides to use the gift on the weekend and have a good time, so she goes and buys fishing gear and sets out. She goes to what she thinks is a nice fishing spot and drills a hole, then puts her rod in.
She hears a man say, "There is no fish in there."
So she goes someplace else and drills and puts her rod in.
Then hears a man say in an irritated tone, "There is no fish in there."
So she repeats the process a third time and again hears the man tell her, "There is no fish in there."
Angry, the blonde gets up and faces the man and says, "How do you know there is no fish in there?"
The man replies, "This is an ice hockey rink."People say you are the perfect idiot. I say you are not perfect, but you are doing pretty good.A pirate walks into a bar and has a seat. The bartender notices the pirates peg-leg, eyepatch and hook for a hand.
The bartender and the pirate start talking and the bartender casually slips in the question of how the pirate lost his leg.
The pirate says, "I fell overboard and a shark bit my leg off."
They talk more and the bartender asks how the pirate got the hook.
The pirate says, "We were boarded by enemy pirates and they cut off my hand before running away.
They talk some more and the bartender finally asks how the pirate got his eyepatch.
The pirate said, "A seagull crapped in my eye."
The bartender says, "Wow! You lost your eye to seagull poo in your eye?"
The pirate says, "Well no... it was my first day with the hook."A man walks into a bar and has a few drinks. The bartender gives him the bill but the man has left his wallet at home. So the man tells the bartender he paid already.
The bartender says, "If you say you paid I believe you."
The man leaves and sees a co-worker on the other side of the bar. He tells the co-worker the bartender can't keep track of who paid and who hasn't.
The co-worker drinks some more and gets the bill.
The co-worker says, "But I've paid already."
The bartender says, "Well I guess you could of. I believe you."
The co-worker leaves and sees an old friend of his on the street. The co-worker tells the friend about the nice little scam in the bar.
The friend goes in the bar and drinks alot. The bartender talks to the friend and tells him, "You know, 2 guys came in here earlier claiming they paid. The next guy who tries that is gonna get punched in the face."
The friend says, "Don't bother me with your problems. Just give me my change and I'll be on my way."A man walks into a bar and has a lot of drinks. He gets completely wasted. He mentions to the bartender that he has his girlfriend sitting in his new corvette outside so she can drive him home. 

While the bartender went outside to throw out the garbage he notices a corvette with a man and a woman making out in it. He goes back into the bar and tells the man to go check on his girl.

The man leaves and comes back laughing and staggering a few minutes later.

Confused the bartender asks what is so funny.

The man replies, "My friend Bobby is so wasted he thinks he's me!"Two blondes are on opposite sides of a lake. 
One blonde yells to the other, "How do you get to the other side?" 

"You are on the other side," the other blonde yells back.Two blondes were going to Disneyland when they came to a fork in the road. The sign read: "Disneyland Left." 

So they went home.A junior partner in a law firm was sent to a far away country to represent a long-term client accused of robbery. After days of trial, the case was won, the client acquitted and released. 
Excited about his success, the attorney e-mailed the firm: "Justice prevailed." 

The senior partner replied in haste, "Appeal immediately."Hear about the terrorist that hijacked a 747 full of lawyers? 

He threatened to release one every hour if his demands weren't met.A couple had two little boys, ages eight and ten, who were excessively mischievous. 
The two were always getting into trouble and their parents could be confident that if any mischief occurred in their town, their two young sons were involved in some capacity. The parents were at their wit's end as to what to do about their sons' behavior. 

The parents had heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children in the past, so they contacted him, and he agreed to give it his best shot. He asked to see the boys individually, so the eight-year-old was sent to meet with him first. The clergyman sat the boy down and asked him sternly, "Where is God?" 

The boy made no response, so the clergyman repeated the question in an even sterner tone, "Where is God?" 

Again the boy made no attempt to answer, so the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the boy's face, "WHERE IS GOD?" 

At that, the boy bolted from the room, ran directly home, and slammed himself in his closet. His older brother followed him into the closet and said, "What happened?" 

The younger brother replied, "We are in BIG trouble this time. God is missing and they think we did it!"A man escaped jail by digging a hole from his jail cell to the outside world. When finally his work was done, he emerged in the middle of a preschool playground. 
"I'm free, I'm free!" he shouted. 

"So what," said a little girl. "I'm four."During late spring one year, a blonde was trying out her new boat. She was unable to have her boat perform, travel through water, or do any maneuvers whatsoever no matter how hard she tried.

After trying for over three days to make it work properly, she decided to seek help. She putted the boat over to the local marina in hopes that someone there could identify her problem.

Workers determined that everything from the engine to the outdrive was working perfectly on the topside of the boat. So, a puzzled marina employee jumped into the water to check underneath the boat for problems. Because he was laughing so hard, he came up choking on water and gasping for air. Under the boat, still strapped in place securely, was the trailer.Did you hear about the blonde who took an hour to cook Minute Rice?

Did you hear about the blonde who got into the taxi, and the driver kept the "Vacant" sign up?

Did you hear about the blonde who was an M.D.--Mentally Deficient?

Did you hear about the blonde who thought nitrates was cheaper than day rates?A man goes out and buys the best car available in the US or Europe, a 2001 Turbo BeepBeep. It is the best and most expensive car in the world, and it runs him $500,000. He takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops for a red light. An old man on a moped, both looking about 90 years old, pulls up next to him.

The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks "What kind of car ya got there, sonny?".

The dude replies "A 2001 Turbo BeepBeep. They cost $500,000."

"That's a lotta money!" says the old man, shocked. "Why does it cost so much?"

"Cause this car can do up to 320 miles an hour!" states the cool dude proudly.

The old man asks "Can I take a look inside?"

"Sure" replies the owner.

So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his moped, the old man says "That's a pretty nice car, alright!"

Just then the light changes, so the guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 30 seconds the speedometer reads 320. Suddenly, the guy notices a dot in his rear view mirror. It seems to be getting closer!

Whhhoooooooooossssshhhhhh! Something whips by him! Going maybe three times as fast!

The guy wonders "what on earth could be going faster than my Turbo BeepBeep?" Then, ahead of him, he sees a dot coming toward him.

Whooooooooooosh! Goes by again! And, it almost looked like the old man on the moped! Couldn't be thinks the guy. How could a moped outrun a Turbo BeepBeep? Again, he sees a dot in his rearview mirror!

WhoooooooshhhhhhhhKa-BbbbblaMMMMM! It plows into the back of his car, demolishing the rear end.

The guy jumps out and discovers it is the old man! Of course, the moped and the old man are hurting for certain. The guy runs up to the dying old man and asks "You're hurt bad! Is there anything I can do for you?"

The old man replies "Yeah. Unhook my suspenders from the side-view mirror on your car!"GENERAL MOTORS INTRODUCES NEW INSTANT-WIN AIRBAGS DETROIT-- 

With third-quarter sales sluggish and its share of the domestic market down 11 percent since 1993, General Motors unveiled a new instant-win airbag contest Monday. The new airbags, which award fabulous prizes upon violent, high-speed impact with another car or stationary object, will come standard in all of the company's 1997 cars.

"Auto accidents have never been so exciting," said GM vice-president of marketing Roger Jenkins, who expects the contest to boost 1997 sales significantly. "When you play the new GM Instant Win Airbag Game, your next fatal collision could mean a trip for two to Super Bowl XXXI in New Orleans. Or a year's worth of free Mobile gasoline."

Though it does not officially begin until Jan. 1, 1997, the airbag promotion is already being tested in select cities, with feedback overwhelmingly positive. "As soon as my car started to skid out of control, I thought to myself, 'Oh, boy, this could be it--I could be a big winner!'" said Cincinnati's Martin Frelks, who lost his wife but won $50 Sunday when the Buick LeSabre they were driving hit an oil slick at 60 mph and slammed into an oncoming truck.

"When the car stopped rolling down the embankment, I knew Ellen was dead, but all I could think about was getting the blood and glass out of my eyes so I could read that airbag!" 

"It's really addictive," said Sacramento, CA, resident Marjorie Kamp, speaking from her hospital bed, where she is listed in critical condition with severe brain hemorrhaging and a punctured right lung.

"I've already crashed four cars trying to win those Super Bowl tickets, but I still haven't won. I swear, I'm going to win those tickets--even if it kills me!" Kamp said that as soon as she is well enough, she plans to buy a new Pontiac Bonneville and drive it into a tree.

GM officials are not surprised the airbag contest has been so well received. "In the past, nobody really liked car wrecks, and that's understandable. After all, they're scary and dangerous and, sometimes, even fatal," GM CEO Paul Offerman said. "But now, when you drive a new GM car or truck, your next serious crash could mean serious cash.

"Who wouldn't like that?" Offerman added that in the event a motorist wins a prize but is killed, that prize will be awarded to the next of kin. According to GM's official contest rules, odds of winning the grand prize, a brand-new 1997 Cutlass Supreme, are 1 in 43,000,000.

Statistical experts, however, say the real chances of winning are significantly worse. "If you factor in the odds of getting in a serious car accident in the first place--approximately 1 in 720,000--the actual odds of winning a prize each time you step in your car are more like 1 in 31 trillion."

Further, even if one is in an accident, there is no guarantee the airbag will inflate. "I was recently broadsided by a drunk driver in my new Chevy Cavalier," said Erie, PA, resident Jerry Polaner. "My car was totaled, and because it was the side of my car that got hit, my airbag didn't even inflate. But what really gets me is the fact that the drunk driver, who rammed my side with the front of his 1997 Buick Regal, won a $100 Office Depot gift certificate. That's just wrong."Don't steal. The government hates competition.Did you hear about the blonde who got a pair of
waterskis?

She's still looking for a lake with a slope!!What is the difference between men and
government bonds?

The bonds mature. Eventually.Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender, a tub of cottage chesse, says to them, "We don't serve your kind in here." One of the yogurt cartons says back to him, "Why not? We're cultured individuals."Why is the word abbreviation so long?Great Thinkers of Our Time?

Question: If you could live forever, would you and why?

Answer: "I would not live forever, because we should not live forever, because if we were supposed to live forever, then we would live forever, but we cannot live forever, which is why I would not live forever."
-- Miss Alabama in the 1994 Miss USA contest

"Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff."
-- Mariah Carey

"Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two, but can't remember what they are."
-- Matt Lauer on NBC's Today show, August 22

"I haven't committed a crime. What I did was fail to comply with the law."
-- David Dinkins, New York City Mayor, answering accusations
that he failed to pay his taxes.

"Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life."
-- Brooke Shields, during an interview to become spokesperson for a federal anti-smoking campaign

"I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my
body."
-- Winston Bennett, University of Kentucky basketball forward

"Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country."
-- Former Mayor Marion Barry, Washington, D.C.

"We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees."
-- Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks

"I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president."
-- Hillary Clinton commenting on the release of subpoenaed
documents

"China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese."
-- Former French President Charles De Gaulle

"That lowdown scoundrel deserves to be kicked to death by a
jackass, and I'm just the one to do it."
-- A congressional candidate in Texas

"When I have been asked during these last weeks who caused the riots and the killing in L.A., my answer has been direct and simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame."
-- Former U.S. Vice-President Dan Quayle on the complex social issues behind the Los Angeles Riots

"I don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away
from them. There were great numbers of people who needed new
land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for
themselves."
-- John Wayne

"Half this game is ninety percent mental."
-- Philadelphia Phillies manager Danny Ozark

"It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the
impurities in our air and water that are doing it."
-- Former U.S. Vice-President Dan Quayle

"Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the
public mind."
-- General William Westmoreland

"It's like changing the rules in the middle of the stream."
-- Rev. Jesse Jackson

"I don't know of anyone who wants this to be over more than me, except maybe everyone else in America."
-- President William Jefferson Clinton

"What a waste it is to lose one's mind.  Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is."
-- Former U.S. Vice-President Dan Quayle

"If you let that sort of thing go on, your bread and butter will be cut right out from under your feet."
-- Former British foreign minister Ernest Bevin

"I love California. I practically grew up in Phoenix."
-- Former U.S. Vice-President Dan Quayle

And in 2000, our boy Dan was quoted as saying that the
Republicans would definitely nominate someone this time who
would beat Bill Clinton. Of course the 22nd amendment precludes Bill from running again...

-Credit to Net3Media and my friend who forwarded the email to me.My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was 60. Now she's 97 years old and we don't know where the hell she is.If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country.I don't exercise because it makes the ice jump right out of my glass.The following is an actual question given on a University of Washington chemistry mid-term exam paper: 

"Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat), or endothermic (absorbs heat)? Support your answer with a proof." Most of the students wrote proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law (gas cools off when it expands and heats up when it is compressed) or some variant thereof. 

One student, however, wrote the following: 

First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So, we need to know the rate at which souls are moving into Hell and the rate at which they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let's look at the different religions that exist in the world today. Some of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since, there are more than one of these religions, and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all people and all souls go to Hell. 

With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially. Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell, because Boyle's Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand as souls are added. 

This gives two possibilities: 

1. If Hell is expanding at a slower rate than the rate at which souls enter Hell, then the temperature and pressure in Hell will increase until all Hell breaks loose. 
2. Of course, if Hell is expanding at a rate faster than the increase of souls in Hell, then the temperature and pressure will drop until Hell freezes over. 

So which is it? 

If we accept the postulate given to me by Ms. Krissy Jones during my Freshman year that "it will be a cold night in Hell before I sleep with you" and take into account the fact that I still have not succeeded in having sexual relations with her, then (2) cannot be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic. 

This student got the only A.A small, balding man storms into a local bar and demands, "Gimme a double of the strongest whiskey you got. I'm so mad, I can't even see straight." 

The bartender, noticing that the little man is a bit worse for the wear, pours him a double of Southern Comfort. The man swills down the drink and says, "Gimme another one." 

The bartender pours the drink but says, "Now, before I give you this, why don't you let off a little steam and tell me why you're so upset?" 

The man begins his tale. "Well, I was sitting in the bar next-door, when this gorgeous blonde slinks in and actually sits beside me. I thought, 'Wow, this has never happened before.' You know, it was kind of a fantasy come true. Well, a couple of minutes later, I feel this hand moving around in my lap and the blonde leans over, licks my ear, and asks if I'm interested. I couldn't believe this was happening. I managed to nod my head yes, so she grabs my hand and starts walking out of the bar. So, of course, I went with her. This was just too good to be true." 

He continues, "She took me down the street to a nice hotel and up to her room. As soon as she shut the door, she slipped out of her dress. That was all she was wearing! I tell you, it didn't take me much longer to get out of my clothes. But as soon as I jumped into the bed, I heard some keys jingling and someone starts fumbling with the door." 

The blonde says, 'Oh, my god, it's my boyfriend. He must have lost his wrestling match tonight. He's gonna be real mad. Quick, hide!' 

I opened the closet, but I figured that was probably the first place he would look, so I didn't hide there. Then I looked under the bed, but I figured that he's bound to look there, too. By now, I could hear the key in the lock. I noticed the window was open, so I climbed out and was hanging there by my fingers, praying that the guy wouldn't see me..." 

The bartender says, "Well, I can see how you might be a bit frustrated at this point." 

"Well, yeah, but I hear the guy finally get the door open, and he yells, 'Who you been sleeping with now, witch?' 

The girl says, 'Nobody, honey, now come to bed and calm down.' 

Well, the guy starts tearing up the room. I hear him tear the door off the closet and throw it across the room. I'm thinking, 'Boy, I'm glad I didn't hide in there.' Then I hear him lift up the bed and throw it across the room. Good thing I didn't hide under there either. Then I heard him say, 'What's that over there by the window?' 

I think, 'Oh God, I'm dead meat now.' 

But by now the blonde is trying real hard to distract him and convince him to stop looking. Well, I hear the guy go into the bathroom, and I hear water running for a long time. I figure maybe he's gonna take a bath or something, when all of a sudden, the jerk pours a pitcher of scalding hot water out of the window right on top of my head. I mean, look at this, I got second degree burns all over my scalp and shoulders!" 

The bartender says, "Oh man, that would have pissed me off for sure." 

"No, that didn't really bother me. Next, the guy starts slamming the window shut over and over on my hands. I mean, look at my fingers. They're a bloody mess. I can hardly hold this glass." 

The bartender looks at the guy's hands and says, "Yeah, buddy, I can understand why you are so upset." 

"No, that wasn't what really pissed me off." 

The bartender then asks in exasperation, "Well, then, what did finally piss you off?" 

"Well, I was hanging there and I turned around and looked down, and I was only about 6 inches off the ground!"Once upon a time, a perfect man and a perfect woman met. After a perfect courtship, they had a perfect wedding. Their life together was, of course, perfect. 

One snowy, stormy Christmas Eve, this perfect couple was driving their perfect car (a Grand Caravan) along a winding road, when they noticed someone at the side of the road in distress. Being the perfect couple, they stopped to help. 

There stood Santa Claus with a huge bundle of toys. Not wanting to disappoint any children on the eve of Christmas, the perfect couple loaded Santa and his toys into their vehicle. Soon they were driving along delivering the toys. Unfortunately, the driving conditions deteriorated, and the perfect couple and Santa Claus had an accident. Only one of them survived the accident. 

Who was the survivor? (Scroll down for the answer.) 





The perfect woman survived. She's the only one who really existed in the first place. Everyone knows there is no Santa Claus and there is no such thing as a perfect man. Women stop reading here, that is the end of the joke. Men keep scrolling. 





So, if there is no perfect man and no Santa Claus, the perfect woman must have been driving. This explains why there was a car accident. By the way, if you're a woman and you're reading this, it illustrates another point: Women never listen either.Two nuns go out of the convent to sell cookies. One of them is known as Sister Mathematical (SM) and the other one is known as Sister Logical (SL). It is getting dark and they are still far away from the convent. 

SL: Have you noticed that a man has been following us for the past half-hour? 

SM: Yes, I wonder what he wants. 

SL: It's logical. He wants to rape us. 

SM: Oh, no! At this rate he will reach us in 15 minutes at the most. What can we do? 

SL: The only logical thing to do of course is to start walking faster. 

SM: It is not working. 

SL: Of course it is not working. The man did the only obvious thing to do. He started to walk faster too. 

SM: So, what shall we do? At this rate he will reach us in one minute. 

SL: The only logical thing we can do is split. You go that way and I'll go this way. He cannot follow both of us. 

So they split up and the man decided to go after Sister Logical. Sister Mathematical arrives at the convent and is worried because Sister Logical has not yet arrived. Finally, Sister Logical arrives. 

SM: Sister Logical! Thank God you are here! Tell us what happened! 

SL: The only logical thing happened. The man could not follow both of us, so he followed me. 

SM: So, what happened? Please tell us. 

SL: The only logical thing to happen. I started to run as fast as I could. 

SM: So what happened? 

SL: The only logical thing to happen. The man also started to run as fast as he could. 

SM: And what else? 

SL: The only logical thing to happen. He reached me. 

SM: Oh, no! What did you do then? 

SL: The only logical thing to do. I lifted my dress up. 

SM: Oh, Sister. What did the man do? 

SL: The only logical thing to do. He pulled down his pants. 

SM: Oh, no! What happened then? 

SL: Isn't it logical, Sister? A nun with her dress up can run faster than a man with his pants down...A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary. 

The old man leans forward and says softly to his wife, "Dear, there is something that I must ask you. It has always bothered me that our 10th child never quite looked like the rest of our children. Now I want to assure you that these 75 years have been the most wonderful experience I could have ever hoped for and your answer cannot take that away. But I must know, did he have a different father?" 

The wife drops her head, unable to look her husband in the eye. She pauses for a moment longer and then confesses, "Yes. Yes, he did." 

The old man is very shaken. The reality of what his wife had done hit him harder than he had expected. 

With a tear in his eye, he asks, "Who? Who was he? Who was the father?" 

Again, the old woman drops her head, saying nothing at first as she tries to muster the courage to tell the truth to her husband. 

Finally, she says, "You."Bob Smith, my assistant programmer, is never
lazy.  He's always  
hard at work in his cubicle. Bob is always
working independently, without 
wasting company time talking to colleagues. Bob never 
thinks twice about assisting fellow employees.
He is great. 
His assignments are always
on time, never
late.
You should hire him. 
Often, Bob skips 
his coffee breaks to compelte his
work.
He has worked dillegently.
Bob is an individual who has absolutely no 
vanity in spite of his high accomplishments and 
knowledge in his field. I firmly believe that Bob can be classified as worthy employee, and cannot be 
dispensed with. 
Consequently, I duly recommend that Bob should be 
promoted, and a proposal will be 
executed as soon as possible. 

Regards, 
Project Leader 

KEEP READING... 

Shortly thereafter, the HR department received the following memo from the Project Leader: 

Sorry, but that idiot was reading over my shoulder while I wrote the report sent to you earlier today. Kindly read only the odd numbered lines for my assessment. 

Regards, 
Project LeaderThe following is an actual radio conversation released by the Chief of Naval Operations: 

#1: Please divert your course 15 degrees to the north to avoid a collision. 

#2: Recommend you divert your course 15 degrees to south to avoid a collision. 

#1: This is the captain of a U. S. navy ship. I say again, divert YOUR course. 

#2: No. I say again, you divert YOUR course. 

#1. THIS IS THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER ENTERPRISE. WE ARE A LARGE WARSHIP OF THE U. S. NAVY. DIVERT YOUR COURSE NOW! 

#2. This is a lighthouse. Your call.Titanic Video vs Clinton Video 

TITANIC VIDEO: $9.99 on Internet. 
CLINTON VIDEO: $9.99 on Internet. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Over 3 hours long. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Over 3 hours long. 

TITANIC VIDEO: The story of Jack and Rose, their forbidden love, a subsequent catastrophe. 
CLINTON VIDEO: The story of Bill and Monica, their forbidden love, a subsequent catastrophe. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Villain: White Star Line. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Villain: Ken Starr. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Jack is a starving artist. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Bill is a B.S. artist. 

TITANIC VIDEO: In one part, Jack enjoys a good cigar. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Ditto for Bill. 

TITANIC VIDEO: During ordeal, Rose's dress gets ruined. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Ditto for Monica. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Jack teaches Rose to spit. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Let's not go there. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Rose gets to keep her jewelry. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Monica's forced to return her gifts. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Behind the scenes: Leonardo DiCaprio is wildly popular. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Behind the scenes: Bill Clinton's approval rating is at 70 percent. 

TITANIC VIDEO: Jack surrenders to an icy death. 
CLINTON VIDEO: Bill goes home to Hillary.In a crowded city at a crowded bus stop, a beautiful young woman was waiting for the bus. She was decked out in a tight leather mini Skirt with matching tight leather boots and jacket. 

As the bus rolled up and it became her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step on the bus. Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the bus driver she reached behind her and unzipped her skirt a little thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg. Again she tried to make the step onto the bus only to discover she still couldn't! 

So, a little more embarrassed she once again reached behind her and unzipped her skirt a little more and for a second time attempted the step and once again, much to her chagrin she could not raise her leg because of the tight skirt. So, with a coy little smile to the driver she again unzipped the offending skirt to give little more slack and again was unable to make the step. 

About this time the big Texan that was behind her in the line picked her up easily from the waist and placed her lightly on the step of the bus. 

Well, she went ballistic and turned on the would-be hero, screeching at him, "How dare you touch my body!! I don't even know who you are!" 

At this the Texan drawled "Well ma'am normally I would agree with you but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda figured that we was friends."A young man goes into a drug store to buy condoms. The pharmacist says the condoms come in packs of 3, 9 or 12 and asks which the young man wants. "Well," he said, "I've been seeing this girl for a while and she's really hot. I want the condoms because I think tonight's "the" night. We're having dinner with her parents, and then we're going out, and I've got a feeling I'm gonna get lucky after that. Once she's had me, she'll want me all the time, so you'd better give me the 12 pack." The young man makes his purchase and leaves. 

Later that evening, he sits down to dinner with his girlfriend and her parents. He asks if he might give the blessing, and they agree. He begins the prayer, but continues praying for several minutes. The girl leans over and says, "You never told me that you were such a religious person."

He leans over to her and says, "You never told me that your father is a pharmacist."Becky was on her deathbed, with her husband Jake at her side. He held her cold hand and tears silently streamed down his face. Her pale lips moved. 

"Jake," she said. 

"Hush," he quickly interrupted, "don't talk." But she insisted. 

"Jake," she said in her tired voice. "I have to talk. I must confess." 

"There is nothing to confess," said the weeping Jake. "It's all right. Everything's all right." 

"No, no. I must die in peace. I must confess, Jake, that I have been unfaithful to you." 

Jake stroked her hand. "Now, Becky, don't be concerned. I know all about it", he sobbed. "Why else would I poison you?"One day, a recently married man goes to the attic of his new home to put a few things in storage. While he is there, he notices a large steamer trunk sitting in the corner. When he tries to open it, he finds it is locked. Puzzled and curious, he calls his new bride up to the attic and asks her about the trunk. 

She tells him that it is hers and that it only contains some personal things. He accepts her answer and eventually forgets all about the matter. 

Three years later when he is cleaning out the attic, he runs across the trunk and again asks his wife what's in it. She again tells him that it contains only personal things, but this time he is more persistent. So she sits him down and reminds him that she makes him happy when he's feeling down, that she keeps the house meticulously clean, that she 
cooks him fantastic meals 7 days a week, and that she gives him all the sex he wants, anytime he wants it. Then she tells him if he is happy with all of those things, that he should forget about the trunk because she will not talk about it. "Fair enough," says the husband, and he finishes cleaning out the attic. 

On their 25th wedding anniversary, he pulls the trunk down the stairs, into the middle of the living room floor, and calls to his wife. "Honey," he says, "we've been married for 25 years and I think it's time we had a heart-to-heart talk. What the hell is in that trunk?" The wife immediately protests, reminding him once again about the clean house, the good food and the great sex. "I don't care," he tells her. "After 25 years we ought to be able to talk about anything. Now open this goddamn trunk!" 

So, she takes a key from a chain hanging around her neck and opens the trunk. Inside is three ears of corn and 25 thousand dollars in cash. 

"Jesus Christ!" shouts the surprised husband. "What's going on here? Where did all of this come from?" 

"Well, sweetie," replies the wife, "you said we could talk, so I'll tell you what you want to know. Over the years, I tried to stay faithful to you, but I wasn't always successful. Every time that I cheated on you, I put an ear of corn into the trunk." 

The husband cannot believe the shocking confession that he has just heard, but after mulling it over in his mind for a few moments he says to his wife, "All right, I admit I'm not too thrilled about this, but I did say we should be honest with each other, and I guess I can live with three incidents of infidelity in 25 years. But where did all the money come from?" 

"Well," she replies, "whenever the trunk got full, I sold the corn."Dear Mr. Conners, 

Thank you for your letter of February 17th. After careful consideration I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me employment with your company. 

This year I have been particularly fortunate in receiving an unusually large number of rejection letters. With such a varied and promising field of candidates it is impossible for me to accept all refusals. 

Despite Company 203's outstanding qualifications and previous experience in rejecting applicants, I find that your rejection does not meet my needs at this time. Therefore I will initiate employment with your firm immediately following graduation. I look forward to seeing you then. 

Sincerely, 

XXXXXXXXA married man and his secretary are having an affair. They decide to leave the office early one day and go to the secretary's apartment for an afternoon of lovemaking. They fall asleep and don't wake up until 8 o'clock that night. They quickly get dressed and the man asks his secretary to take his shoes and go rub them in the grass. The secretary thinks this is pretty weird, but she does it anyway.

The man finally gets home and his wife meets him at the door. The wife is very upset and asks him where he has been.

The husband replies, "I can not tell a lie. My secretary and I are having an affair. We left work early today, went to her place, made love all afternoon, and then we fell asleep. That's why I'm late!"

The wife looks at him, takes notice of his shoes and says, "I see those grass stains all over your shoes. You've been playing golf again, haven't you?"A doctor, an architect, and an attorney were dining at the country club one day, and the conversation turned to the subject of their respective dogs, which were apparently quite extraordinary. A wager was placed on who had the most intelligent dog. 

The physician offered to show his dog first, and called to the parking lot, "Hippocrates, come!" Hippocrates ran in, and was told by the doctor to do his stuff. Hippocrates ran to the golf course and dug for a while, producing a number of bones. He dragged the bones into the country club, and assembled them into a complete, fully articulated human skeleton. The physician patted Hippocrates on the head, and gave him a cookie for his efforts. 

The architect was only marginally impressed, and called for his dog, "Sliderule, come!" Sliderule ran in, and was told to do his stuff. The dog immediately chewed the skeleton to rubble, but reassembled the fragments into a scale model of the Taj Mahal. The architect patted his dog and gave him a cookie. 

The attorney watched the other two dogs, and called "Bullshit, come!" Bullshit entered and was told to do his stuff. Bullshit immediately screwed the other two dogs, stole their cookies, auctioned the Taj Mahal replica to the other club members for his fee, and went outside to play golf.2 women were playing golf. On the third hole there were 4 men in front of them but about 175 yards down the fairway. The first woman said, "I'll tee off, he is far enough away." She hit the drive of her life, like a shot straight down the farway. She screamed fore at the top of her lungs and as the men turned he was hit solidly. He was rolling on the ground in pain with his hands between his legs. 

She ran to him, apologizing and saying, "Let me help I am a physical therapist." He protested but she got him to put his hands at his side. She unzipped his pants and began massaging him. 

"How does that feel?" she asked. He said, "Great, but my thumb still hurts like hell."Two beautiful statues were in a park, facing each other across the grass, one of a young girl and the other of a young man, looking towards each other like young lovers. These statues gave so much pleasure to people visiting the park that God looked down and decided to reward them with life for 30 minutes, on a Sunday when the park was closed to the public. 

Immediately when they came alive, they ran together into the bushes and could be heard giggling and cooing with pleasure and the bushes were shaking. After 15 minutes they came out and realised that they still had 15 minutes more life to live. 

"What shall we do now then," said the boy statue. "Let's do the same thing again," she replied. "Okay," said the boy statue, "but this time, you hold the pidgeons down while I shit on them."During the final days at Denver's old Stapleton airport, a crowded United flight was canceled. 

A single agent was rebooking a long line of inconvenienced travelers. Suddenly an angry passenger pushed his way to the desk. He slapped his ticket down on the counter and said, "I HAVE to be on this flight and it has to be FIRST CLASS." 

The agent replied, "I'm sorry sir. I''ll be happy to try to help you, but I've got to help these folks first, and I'm sure we''ll be able to work something out." 

The passenger was unimpressed. He asked loudly, so that the passengers behind him could hear, "Do you have any idea who I am?" 

Without hesitating, the gate agent smiled and grabbed her public address microphone. "May I have your attention please?" she began, her voice bellowing throughout the terminal. "We have a passenger here at the gate WHO DOES NOT KNOW WHO HE IS. If anyone can help him find his identity, please come to the gate." 

With the folks behind him in line laughing hysterically, the man glared at the United agent, gritted his teeth and swore "F_ _k you." 

Without flinching, she smiled and said, "I'm sorry, sir, but you''ll have to stand in line for that, too." 

The man retreated as the people in the terminal applauded loudly. Although the flight was canceled and people were late, they were no longer angry at United.A manager in a big company needed to contact one of his employees about an urgent problem with one of the main computers. He dialed the employee's home phone number and was greeted with a child's whispered voice on the first ring, "Hello?" 

"Is your Daddy home?" the boss quickly asked. "Yes", whispered the small voice. "May I talk with him?" the man asked, feeling somewhat put-off by this delay. To the surprise of the boss, the small voice whispered, "No." 

Wanting to talk with an adult, the boss asked, "Is your Mommy there?" "Yes", came the answer. "May I talk with her?" Again the small voice whispered, "No." 

"Son, is there any one there besides you?" the boss impatiently asked the child. "Yes", whispered the child, "A policeman." 

Wondering what a cop would be doing at his employee's home, the boss asked, "May I speak with the policeman?" "No, he's busy", whispered the child. "Busy doing what?" asked the boss. "Talking to Daddy and Mommy and the Fireman", came the whispered answer. 

Growing concerned and even worried as he heard what sounded like a helicopter through the ear piece on the phone the boss asked, "What is that noise?" "A hello-copper.", answered the whispering voice. "What is going on there?" asked the boss, now alarmed. In an awed voice the child answered, "The police just landed the hello-copper!" 

Alarmed, concerned and more than just a little frustrated the boss asked, "Why are they there?" 

After a muffled giggle, the young voice replied in a very low whisper, "They're looking for me!"One evening a family brings their frail, elderly mother to a nursing home and leave her, hoping she will be well cared for. The next morning, the nurses bathe her, feed her a tasty breakfast, and set her in a chair at a window overlooking a lovely flower garden. She seems OK, but after a while she slowly starts to fall over sideways in her chair. 

Two attentive nurses immediately rush up to catch her and straighten her up. Again she seems OK, but after a while she starts to tilt to the other side. The nurses rush back and once more bring her back upright. This goes on all morning. 

Later the family arrives to see how the old woman is adjusting to her new home. 

They ask,"So Ma, how is it here? Are they treating you all right?" 

"It's pretty nice," she replies. "Except they won't let you fart."Two guys are walking down a road when they come across a deep hole beside it. Being curious, they go over and check it out. When they look down, they are surprised to find they can't see the bottom. So they drop a couple of rocks down the hole and listen... Nothing. One of them says, "Man, that's a deep hole!" 

Thinking they might hear something larger hit the bottom, they find a big, old cinder block and pitch it over the side. They pause and listen intently... They hear a sound, but it is coming from behind them! They quickly turn around to see a goat bearing down on them with its head lowered, flying along, its feet barely touching the ground, its moving so fast! 

The two men dive out of its way just in time and the goat plunges past them, into the seemingly bottomless hole, to its doom. The two look at each other and say, "Boy that was close! We'd better get away from this thing before we end up with the goat!"

So they continue on their way down the road until they happen across this farmer working near it. The men again put their heads together and figure that the goat belongs to the farmer and the decide to tell him what happened. 

"Hey Mr. Farmer. Do you happen to own a goat?", one of the men asked. The farmer replies, "Yeah, why do you ask?" The men then tell what happened at the hole and how they narrowly avoided death in the hole from the speeding goat. 

The farmer said, "Well boys, I don't think that was my goat. You see, my goat was really old and crippled up with arthritis. There is no way he could have been moving that fast. Besides, I had him tied to this big, old cinder block."A man runs into the vet's office carrying his dog, screaming for help. The vet rushes him back to an examination room and has him put his dog down on the examination table. The vet examines the still, limp body and after a few moments, tells the man that his dog, regrettably, is dead. The man, clearly agitated and not willing to accept this, demands a second opinion. 

The vet goes into the back room and comes out with a cat and puts the cat down next to the dog's body. The cat sniffs the body, walks from head to tail, poking and sniffing the dog's body and finally looks at the vet and meows. The vet looks at the man and says, "I'm sorry, but the cat thinks that your dog is dead, too." 

The man is still unwilling to accept that his dog is dead. So the vet brings in a black labrodour retriever. The lab sniffs the body, walks from head to tail, and finally looks at the vet and barks. The vet looks at the man and says, "I'm sorry, but the lab thinks your dog is dead too." 

The man, finally resigned to the diagnosis, thanks the vet and asks how much he owes. The vet answers, "$650." 

"$650 to tell me my dog is dead?" exclaims the man. 

"Well," the vet replies, "I would only have charged you $50 for my initial diagnosis. The additional $600 was for the cat scan and lab tests."One dark night in hell, the Devil, bent upon his ultimate revenge, determined to become a computer programmer. 

Secretly he pored over main pages, Microsoft press releases, and hex dumps of the renowned SATAN program, until, satisfied that he was master of the unclean craft, he began to work his mischief. 

Lounging near the back gate to heaven, he remarked to Jesus that there were some things the Devil could do better than God. Perl programming, for instance. 

The Savior, knowing something was afoot, but unwilling to let the slight go unchallenged, suggested a programming contest to last from sunrise to sunset, to see who could solve the halting problem in the fewest lines of Perl code, with God Almighty as the judge. 

Sparks flew from the keyboard, and a sublime glow emanated from the monitor of the Prince of Darkness and the Prince of Peace, respectively, until five minutes before sunset, when a bolt of lightning flashed and the computers went dead. 

A few minutes later God arrived and asked for the results. The Devil fumed and complained bitterly, as he had lost the whole day's work. 

Jesus fared considerably better and won the contest because, as everyone knows, Jesus saves.On a Septic Tank Truck sign:
"We're #1 in the #2 business."
**************************



Sign over a Gynaecologist?s Office:
"Dr. Jones, at your cervix."
**************************



At a Proctologist's door:
 "To expedite your visit please back in."
 **************************



On a Plumber's truck:
"We repair what your husband fixed."
**************************



At a Tire Shop in Milwaukee:
"Invite us to your next blowout."
**************************



On a Plastic Surgeon's Office door:
"Hello. Can we pick your nose?"
**************************



On an Electrician's truck:
"Let us remove your shorts."
**************************



In a Non-smoking Area:
"If we see smoke, we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action."
**************************



At an Optometrist's Office:
"If you don't see what you're looking for, you've come to the right place."
**************************



On a Taxidermist's window:
"We really know our stuff."
**************************



In a Podiatrist's office:
"Time wounds all heels."
**************************



On a Fence:
"Salesmen welcome!  Dog food is expensive."
**************************



Outside a Muffler Shop:
"No appointment necessary. We hear you coming."
**************************



In a Veterinarian's waiting room:
"Be back in 5 minutes. Sit! Stay!"
**************************



At the Electric Company:
"We would be delighted if you send in your payment. However, if you don't, you will be."
**************************



In a Restaurant window:
"Don't stand there and be hungry, Come on in and get fed up."
**************************



In the front yard of a Funeral Home:
"Drive carefully. We'll wait."
**************************



At a Propane Filling Station:
"Tank heaven for little grills."
**************************



And don't forget the sign at a Chicago Radiator  Shop:
"Best place in town to take a leak."
**************************A little girl and her mother were out and about when, out of the blue, the girl asked her mother, "Mommy, How old are you?" 
The mother responded, "Honey, women don't talk about their age. You'll learn this as you get older." 

The girl then asked, "Mommy, how much do you weigh?" 
Her mother responded again, "That's another thing women don't talk about. You'll learn this, too, as you grow up." 

The girl, still wanting to know about her mother, then fired off another question, "Mommy, why did you and Daddy get a divorce?" 

The mother, a little annoyed by the questions, responded, "Honey, that is a subject that hurts me very much, and I don't want to talk about it now." 

The little girl, frustrated, sulked until she was dropped off at a friend's house to play. She consulted with her girlfriend about her and her mother's conversation. 

The girlfriend said, "All you have to do is sneak a look at your mother's driver's license. It's just a like a report card from school. It tells you everything." 

Later, the little girl and her mother were out and about again. 
The little girl started off with, "Mommy, Mommy, I know how old you are, I know how old you are. You're 32 years old." 
The mother was very shocked. She asked, "Sweetheart, how do you know that?" 

The little girl shrugged and said, "I just know. And I know how much you weigh. You weigh 130 pounds." 

"Where did you learn that?" 

The little girl said, "I just know. And I know why you and Daddy got a divorce. You got an 'F' in sex."A phone rings at KGB headquarters. 

"Hello?" 

"Hello, is this the KGB?" 

"Yes. What do you want?" 

"I'm calling to report my neighbor Yankel Rabinovitz as an enemy of the State. He is hiding undeclared diamonds in his fire wood." 

"This will be noted." 

The next day, the KGB goons visit Rabinovitz's house. They search the shed where the fire wood is kept, break every piece of wood there, but find no diamonds. They swear at Yankel Rabinovitz and leave. 

The phone then rings at Rabinovitz's house. 

"Hello, Yankel! Did the KGB come?" 

"Yes." 

"Did they chop up your firewood?" 

"Yes, they did." 

"Okay, now it's your turn to call. I need my vegetable patch plowed."A baby boy was just born. He had all his pieces and looked quite normal, except that he was laughing - I mean laughing real hard. All the doctors and nurses were examining the little guy in front of his worried parents. He just kept on laughing, his tiny fists all closed and tears rolling from his eyes. One at a time, a pediatrician unfolded his tiny fingers to check if his hand was all right, and guess what he found? 

Scroll down. 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

The birth control pill.A married man goes to confessional and tells the priest, "I had an affair with a woman... almost." 

The priest says, "What do you mean, almost?" 

The man says, "Well, we got undressed and rubbed together, but then I stopped." 

The priest replies, "Rubbing together is the same as putting it in. You're not to go near that woman again. Now say five Hail Marys and put $50 in the poor box." 

The man leaves confessional, says his prayers, then walks over to the poor box. He pauses for a moment and starts to leave. 

The priest, who was watching him, quickly runs over and says, "I saw that! You didn't put any money in the poor box!" 

The man replied, "Well, Father, I rubbed up against it, and you said it was the same as putting it in!"There was once a big ol' tough bear strolling through the forest looking for some silly hunter to maul, when he suddenly got the urge to pass the last hunter he had eaten. He stopped by the side of the path and proceeded to dump away. Well, as he was sitting there, a cute little bunny came bounding along merrily on his way and stopped right beside the bear and also took a dump. Well, the bear was finishing up and hadn't really said a word to the little bunny so popped a question, "Do you have trouble with shit sticking to your fur, little bunny?" The bunny looked up and replied, "Why no, certainly not." 

Immediately the bear picked up the bunny and wiped his ass with him.A man was mowing his front yard when his attractive, blonde, female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to her mailbox. She opened the mailbox, looked inside, slammed it shut, and stormed back into her house. A little later, she came out of her house again, went to the mailbox, again opened it, and again slammed it shut. Angrily back into the house she went. 

As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, the blonde came out again. She marched to the mailbox, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. 

Puzzled by her actions, the man asked her, "Is something wrong?" 

She replied, "There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps telling me I have mail!"A guy responds to a job position at the city zoo. The ad mentioned the salary but not what he would be doing. He soon learns that the zoo's gorilla had unexpectedly passed away. The zoo had just spent millions on promotions that focused on the gorilla, and now they needed a gorilla. The guy really needed the job and the money was good so he accepted. 

Every day, he would put on the gorilla suit, hang out in his cage, and be the gorilla. After a while, he started enjoying himself. He would scare little kids, roar at the crowds, and eat bananas. As time wore on, he became the main attraction at the zoo. He would swing on his trees and vines, and the people loved him. 

One particularly busy Saturday, he was swinging around and accidentally swung over his fence and landed in the lion's cage. The lion slowly opened his eyes and saw the gorilla. The lion began to talk. The lion, now drooling and wide awake, slowly approached the gorilla that was backed up against the fence. The lion was ready to jump. The gorilla started yelling, "Help! Help! I'm not a gorilla. I'm a man! Help, help!" 

Then the lion said, "Shut up, stupid, or we'll both get fired!"What do you call a Canadian fire?

A Calgary Flame.What does Monica Lewinski and a coin machine have in common? 

    insert bill here!A man was driving home late one afternoon above the speed limit. He noticed a police car with its red lights in his rearview mirror. He thought, "I can outrun this guy," so he floored it and the race was on. The cars were racing down the highway at 90 miles an hour. Finally, as his speedometer passed 100, the guy figured, "What the heck," and gave up. He pulled over to the curb. The police officer got out of his cruiser and approached the car. 

He leaned down and said, "Listen mister, I've had a really lousy day, and I just want to go home. Give me a good excuse and I'll let you go." The man thought for a moment and said, "Three weeks ago, my wife ran off with a police officer. When I saw your cruiser in my rearview mirror, I thought you were that officer and you were trying to give her back to me!" 

The officer let him go.A fellow decides to take off early from work and go drinking. He stays until the bar closes at 2 a.m., at which time he is extremely drunk. When he enters his house, he doesn't want to wake anyone, so he takes off his shoes and starts tiptoeing up the stairs. 

Halfway up the stairs, he falls over backwards and lands flat on his rear end. That wouldn't be so bad, except that he has a couple of empty bottles in his back pockets, and they broke so the broken glass carved up his buttocks terribly. He is so drunk that he doesn't know he is hurt. 

A few minutes later, as he is undressing, he notices blood, so he checks himself in the mirror, and sure enough, his behind is cut up something terrible. He repairs the damage as best he can under the circumstances and goes to bed. 

The next morning, his head is hurting, and his rear is hurting, and he is hunkering under the covers trying to concoct some good story, when his wife comes into the bedroom. 

"Well, you really tied one on last night," she says. "Where'd you go?" 

"I worked late," he says, "and I stopped off for a couple of beers." 

"A couple of beers? That's a laugh," she replies. "You got plastered last night. Where the heck did you go?" 

"What makes you so sure I got drunk last night, anyway?" 

"Well," she replies, "my first big clue was when I got up this morning and found a bunch of Band-Aids stuck to the mirror."A blonde woman is driving down the road. She notices that she's low on gas, so she stops at a gas station. While she's pumping her gas, she notices that she locked the keys in the car. So when she goes inside to pay, she asks the attendant for a hanger so that she can attempt to open the door herself. 

She returns outside and begins to jimmy the lock. Ten minutes later, the attendant comes out to see how the blonde is faring. 

Outside the car, the blonde is moving the hanger around and around while the blonde inside the car is saying, "A little more to the left...a little more to the right!..."Two young engineers applied for a single position at a computer company. They both had the same qualifications. In order to determine which individual to hire, the applicants were asked to take a test by the Department manager. 

Upon completion of the test, both men missed only one of the questions. The manager went to the first applicant and said, "Thank you for your interest, but we've decided to give the job to the other applicant." 

"And why would you be doing that? We both got 9 questions correct," asked the rejected applicant. 

"We have based our decision not on the correct answers, but on the question you missed," said the Department manager. 

"And just how would one incorrect answer be better than the other?" the rejected applicant inquired. 

"Simple," said the Department manager, "Your fellow applicant put down on question #5, 'I don't know.' You put down, 'Neither do I.'"A man with a winking problem is applying for a position as a sales representative for a large firm. 

The interviewer looks over his papers and says, "This is phenomenal. You've graduated from the best schools, your recommendations are wonderful, and your experience is unparalleled. 

"Normally, we'd hire you without a second thought. However, a sales representative has a highly visible position, and we're afraid that your constant winking will scare off potential customers. I'm sorry... We can't hire you." 

"But wait," he says. "If I take two aspirin, I'll stop winking!" 

"Really? Great! Show me!" 

The applicant reaches into his pocket and begins pulling out all sorts of condoms: red condoms, blue condoms, ribbed condoms, flavored condoms. Finally, at the bottom, he finds a packet of aspirin. He tears it open, swallows the pills, and stops winking. 

"Well," said the interviewer, "that's all well and good, but this is a respectable company, and we will not have our employees womanizing all over the country!" 

"Womanizing? What do you mean? I'm a happily married man!" 

"Well, then, how do you explain all these condoms?" 

"Oh, that," he sighed. "Have you ever walked into a pharmacy winking and asked for aspirin?"An Australian travel writer touring Canada was checking out of the Vancouver Hilton. 

As he paid his bill, he said to the manager, "By the way, what's with the Indian chief sitting in the lobby? He's been there ever since I arrived." 

"Oh, that's Big Chief Forget-Me-Not," said the manager. "The hotel is built on an Indian reservation, and part of the agreement is to allow the chief free use of the premises for the rest of his life. He is known as Big Chief Forget-Me-Not because of his phenomenal memory. He is 92 and can remember the slightest details of his life." 

The travel writer took this in, and as he was waiting for his cab decided to put the chief's memory to the test. 

"G'dye, myte!" said the Aussie, receiving only a slight nod in return. "What did you have for breakfast on your 21st birthday?" 

"Eggs," was the chief's instant reply, without even looking up. Indeed, the Aussie was impressed. 

He went off on his travel writing itinerary, right across to the east coast and back, telling others of Big Chief Forget-Me-Not's great memory. (One local noted that 'How' was a more appropriate greeting for an Indian chief than 'G'dye myte.') 

On his return to the Vancouver Hilton 6 months later, he was surprised to see Big Chief Forget-Me-Not still sitting in the lobby, fully occupied with whittling away on a stick. 

"How," said the Aussie. 

"Scrambled," said the chief.A cowboy rode into town and stopped at a saloon for a drink. Unfortunately, the locals had a habit of picking on strangers, which he was. When he finished his drink, he found his horse had been stolen. He went back into the bar, handily flipped his gun into the air, caught it above his head without even looking and fired a shot into the ceiling. 

"WHICH ONE OF YOU SIDEWINDERS STOLE MY HORSE?" he yelled with surprising forcefulness. 

No one answered. 

"ALRIGHT, I'M GONNA HAVE ANOTHA BEER, AND IF MY HORSE AIN'T BACK OUTSIDE BY THE TIME I FINISH, I'M GONNA DO WHAT I DUN IN TEXAS! AND I DON'T LIKE TO HAVE TO DO WHAT I DUN IN TEXAS!" 

Some of the locals shifted restlessly. 

He had another beer, walked outside, and his horse was back! He saddled-up and started to ride out of town. 

The bartender wandered out of the bar and asked, "Say partner, before you go... what happened in Texas?" 

The cowboy turned back and said, "I had to walk home."Delta Airlines recently introduced a special half-fare rate for wives accompanying their husbands on business trips. Anticipating some valuable testimonials, the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates, asking them how they enjoyed their trip. 

Responses are still pouring in asking, "What trip?"Little Johnny was sitting in class doing math problems when his teacher picked him to answer a question, "Johnny, if there were five birds sitting on a fence and you shot one with your gun, how many would be left?" 

"None," replied Johnny, "cause the rest would fly away." 

"Well, the answer is four," said the teacher, "but I like the way you're thinking." 

Little Johnny says, "I have a question for you. If there were three women eating ice cream cones in a shop, one was licking her cone, the second was biting her cone and the third was sucking her cone, which one is married?" 

"Well," said the teacher nervously, "I guess the one sucking the cone." 

"No," said Little Johnny, "the one with the wedding ring on her finger, but I like the way you're thinking."I did not do it in a car 
I did not do it in a bar 
I did not do it in the dark 
I did not do it in the park 
I did not do it on a date 
I did not ever fornicate 
I did not do it at a dance 
I did not do it in her pants 
I did not get beyond first base 
I did not do it in her face 
I never did it in a bed 
If you think that, you''ve been misled 
I did not do it with a groan 
I did not do it on the phone 
I did not cause her dress to stain 
I never boinked Saddam Hussein 
I did not do it with a whip 
I never fondled Linda Tripp 
I never acted really silly 
With volunteers like Kathleen Willey 
There was one time, with Margaret Thatcher 
I chased her ''round, but could not catch her 
No kinky stuff, not on your life 
I wouldn''t, even with my wife 
And Jennifer Flowers'' tale of woes 
Was paid for by my right-wing foes 
And Paula Jones, and those State Troopers 
Are just a bunch of party poopers 
I did not ask my friends to lie 
I did not hang them out to dry 
I did not do it last November 
But if I did, I don''t remember 
I did not do it in the hall 
I could have, but I don''t recall 
I never did it in my study 
I never did it with my dog, Buddy 
I never did it to Sox, the cat 
I might have -once with Arafat 
I never did it in a hurry 
I never groped Ms. Betty Currie 
There was no sex at Arlington 
There was no sex on Air Force One 
I might have copped a little feel 
And then endeavored to conceal 
But never did these things so lewd 
At least, not ever in the nude 
These things to which I have confessed 
They do not count, if we stayed dressed 
It never happened with a cigar 
I never dated Mrs.Starr 
I did not know this little sin 
Would be retold on CNN 
I broke some rules my Mama taught me 
I tried to hide, but now you''ve caught me 
But I implore, I do beseech 
Do not condemn, do not impeach 
I might have got a little tail 
But never, never did inhaleDuring a recent publicity outing, Hillary sneaked off to visit a fortune teller of some local repute. In a dark and hazy room, peering into a crystal ball, the mystic delivered grave news. 

"There's no easy way to say this, so I'll just be blunt: Prepare yourself to be a widow. Your husband will die a violent and horrible death this year." 

Visibly shaken, Hillary stared at the woman's lined face, then at the single flickering candle, then down at her hands. She took a few deep breaths to compose herself. She simply had to know. She met the fortune teller's gaze, steadied her voice, and asked her question. 

"Will I be acquitted?"This is from a contest on Long Island. The requirements were to use the words 
Lewinski and Kaczynski in a limerick. Here are the 3 winners. 

Entry # 1 
There once was a gal named Lewinsky 
Who played on a flute like Stravinsky 
'Twas "Hail to the Chief" 
on this flute made of beef 
that stole the front page from Kaczynski. 

Entry # 2 
Said Bill Clinton to young Ms. Lewinsky 
We don't want to leave clues like Kaczynski, 
Since you look such a mess, 
use the hem of your dress 
And wipe that stuff off of your chinsky. 

Entry # 3 
Lewinsky and Clinton have shown 
what Kaczynski must surely have known: 
that an intern is better 
than a bomb in a letter 
given the choice of how to be blown.This story happened about a month ago in a little town in Louisiana, and sounds like an Alfred Hitchcock tale.

This guy is on the side of the road hitch hiking on a very dark night in the middle of a storm. The night passes slowly and no cars come by. The storm is so strong he can see hardly a few feet ahead of him. Suddenly he sees a car slowly looming, ghostlike, out of the gloom. It slowly creeps toward him and stops. Reflexively, the guy gets into the car and closes the door, then realizes that there is nobody behind the wheel. The car slowly starts moving again.

The guy is terrified, too scared to think of jumping out and running. The guy sees that the car is slowly approaching a sharp curve. The guy starts to pray, begging for his life, sure the ghost car will go off the road
and he will plunge to his death when, just before the curve, a hand appears thru the window and turns the steering wheel, guiding the car safely
around the bend.


Paralyzed with terror, the guy watches the hand reappear every time they reach a curve. Finally, the guy gathers his wits and leaps from the car, and runs to the nearest town. Wet and in shock, he goes to a bar and, voice quavering, orders two shots of tequila, and tells everybody about his horrible, supernatural experience. A silence envelops everybody when they realize the guy is apparently sane and not drunk.
About half an hour later two guys walk into the same bar. One says to the other, "Look Boudreaux, that's the idiot that rode in our car when we
were pushing it."Little Melissa comes home from first grade and tells her father that they learned about the history of Valentine's Day. "Since Valentine's Day is for a Christian saint and we're Jewish," she asks, "will God get mad at me for giving someone a valentine?"

Melissa's father thinks a bit, then says "No, I don't think God would get mad. Who do you want to give a valentine to?"

"Osama Bin Laden," she says.

"Why Osama Bin Laden?" her father asks in shock.

"Well," she says, "I thought that if a little American Jewish girl could have enough love to give Osama a valentine, he might start to think that maybe we're not all bad, and maybe start loving people a little bit. And if other kids saw what I did and sent valentines to Osama, he'd love everyone a lot. And then he'd start going all over the place to tell everyone how much he loved them and how he didn't hate anyone anymore.! "

Her father's heart swells and he looks at his daughter with newfound pride. "Melissa, that's the most wonderful thing I've ever heard."

"I know," Melissa says, "and once that gets him out in the open, the Marines could blow the shit out of him."Many women are afraid of their first mammogram, but there is no need to worry.  By taking a few minutes each day for a week preceding the exam and doing the following exercises, you will be totally
prepared for the test.

And best of all, you can do these simple exercises right in your home.

EXERCISE ONE:

Open your refrigerator door and insert one breast in door. Shut as hard as possible and lean on the door for good measure. Hold
that position for five seconds. Repeat again in case the first time wasn't effective enough.

EXERCISE TWO:

Visit your garage at 3 AM when the temperature of the cement floor is just perfect. Take off all your clothes and lie comfortably on the floor with one breast wedged under the rear tire of the car. Ask a friend to slowly back the car up until your breast is sufficiently flattened and chilled.  Turn over and repeat with the other breast.

EXERCISE THREE:

Freeze two metal bookends over night. Strip to the waist. Invite a stranger into the room.
Press the bookends against one of your breasts. Smash the bookends 
together as hard as you can. Set up an appointment with the stranger to
meet next year and do it again.

YOU ARE NOW TOTALLY PREPARED!To help students remember the word for "wear" in Latin, the professor used the phrase:

semper ubi, sub ubi

Translation:

Always wear under wear.20. The cucumber has left the salad. 
19. I can see the gun of Navarone. 
18. Someone tore down the wall, and your Pink Floyd is hanging out. 
17. You've got Windows in your laptop. 
16. Sailor Ned's trying to take a little shore leave. 
15. Your soldier ain't so unknown now. 
14. Quasimodo needs to go back in the tower and tend to his bell. 
13. Paging Mr. Johnson... Paging Mr. Johnson... 
12. You need to bring your tray table to the upright and locked position. 
11. Your pod bay door is open, Hal. 
10. Elvis Junior has LEFT the building! 
9. Mini Me is making a break for the escape pod. 
8. Ensign Hanes is reporting a hull breach on the lower deck, Sir! 
7. The Buick is not all the way in the garage. 
6. Dr. Kimble has escaped! 
5. You've got your fly set for "Monica" instead of "Hillary." 
4. Our next guest is someone who needs no introduction... 
3. You've got a security breach at Los Pantalones. 
2. I'm talking about Shaft, can you dig it? 
 
AND THE NUMBER ONE WAY 
TO TELL SOMEONE THEIR FLY IS UNZIPPED... 
 
1. I thought you were crazy; now I see your nuts.Two Boy Scouts went on a nature hike in the hills picking hickory nuts. Along the way, they filled their small pails and then started to fill their pockets and shirts. 

When they could hold no more nuts, they started down the country road until they came upon a cemetery. The boys decided that it would be a good place to stop and rest to divide the nuts. 

The two boys sat in the shade of a large oak tree and unloaded their pockets and buckets by dumping all of the nuts into a large pile. In the process, two of the nuts rolled away and settled near the road. The boys then proceeded to divide the nuts. 

"One for you. One for me. One for you. One for me..." 

As they were doing this, another boy passed by and happened to hear them. He looked into the cemetery, but could not see the boys, because they were obscured by the tree. He hesitated a moment and then ran back to town. 

"Father! Father!" he yelled as he entered his house. "The cemetery. Come quick!" 

"What's the matter?" his father asked. 

"No time to explain," the boy frantically panted. "Follow me!" 

The boy and his father ran up the country road and until they reached the cemetery. They stopped at the side of the road and all fell silent for a few moments. Then the father asked his son what was wrong. 

"Do you hear that?" he whispered. Both people listened intently and heard the Scouts. 

"One for me. One for you. One for me. One for you..." 

The boy then blurted out, "The devil and the Lord are dividing the souls!" 

The father was skeptical but silent... until a few moments later, as the Scouts completed dividing the nuts and one Scout said to the other, "Now, as soon as we get those two nuts down by the road, we'll have them all.""You don't have anything in your head except soccer," said a wife to her husband.  "I'm sure you've even forgotten when we got married!"

"Of course I haven't forgotten," replied the husband.  "That was the day England beat Italy 2-1."A general was confined to a military hospital for treatment of a minor malady. For almost a week, he made a complete nuisance of himself, irritating both staff and the other patients, demanding attention and expecting his every order to be followed immediately. He was in a six-man ward rather than a private room, his meals were too cold or not served to suit his taste, the light needed to be adjusted to his demands, the nighttime activities interfered with his rest, and so on. 

One afternoon, an orderly entered the room. 

"Time to take your temperature, General," the orderly said. 

After growling at the orderly, the general opened his mouth to accept the thermometer. "Sorry, General, but for this test we need your temperature from the other end," the orderly told him. A whole new barrage of verbal abuse followed, but the orderly was insistent that a rectal temperature was what the test called for. The general at last rolled over, bared his rear, and allowed the orderly to proceed. 

The orderly then told the general, "Stay exactly like that and don't move. I'll be back in five minutes to check up on you," and withdrew. 

An hour later, the head nurse entered the room, saw the general with his bare rear in the air and gasped, "What's going on here?" 

"Haven't you ever seen someone having their temperature taken?" the general barked. 

"Yes I have, General, but with a daffodil?"3 men were being interviewed for a position for the FBI. The interviewers needed to know the men were going to be loyal to the FBI until the very end. So they set up a little test. They put each of the 3 men's wives in the room.
They sent the first man in with a gun, and told him to kill his wife.
A few minutes later the man comes out crying. He says, "I just can't do it. I love her." He gives back the gun.
They send the second man in and he comes out crying a few minutes later, hands back the gun, and says, "We've had too many good years. I just can't kill her. I'm sorry."
So finally they send in the third applicant. They listen closely to the door and try to see if this man will succeed. They hear a soft click, then a huge commotion. Things were being broken and smashed and a lot of screaming.
Coming out tired, the man says to the interviewers, "The damn gun you gave me was loaded with blanks! I had to beat her to death!"A lawyer had just rented a cabin up north and was planning to do some hunting. So he goes up and finds that he has a neighbor. The neighbor is from Czechoslovakia. They decide to go hunting together and become good friends. While they camped out during the night 2 bears, a male and a female, attacked them. The lawyer just managed to get away. He stole a glance back and saw his Czechoslovakian friend get eaten whole by the male bear.

The lawyer runs to the police and tells them to come and hurry and bring some tranquilizer guns. They run up into the woods where their camp was and they stumble across the 2 bears sleeping.

The police say, "Which bear ate your friend?"

The lawyer says, "The male bear. That one!" And points to the one on the right.

The police immediately shoot the female bear and the male bear wakes up and runs off unharmed.

The lawyer screams, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?? I SAID HE WAS IN THE MALE BEAR!"

The police calmly said, "Would you believe a lawyer who said the Czech was in the male?"Q. Why do young blondes carry goldfish in their
pockets?

A. So they can smell like old blondes.A guy stood over his tee shot for what seemed an eternity, looking up, looking down, measuring the distance, figuring the wind direction and speed, and driving his partner nuts. 

Finally, his exasperated partner said, "What's taking so long? Hit the blasted ball!" 

The guy answered, "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse. I want to make this a perfect shot." 

"Forget it, man. You don't stand a chance in hell of hitting her from here!"A Cajun named Jean Paul moved to Texas and bought a donkey from an old farmer for $100. The farmer agreed to deliver the donkey the next day. 
The next day the farmer drove up and said, "Sorry, but I got some bad news. The donkey died." 

"Well then, just give me my money back." 

"I can't do that. I went and spent it already." 

"OK then, just unload the donkey." 

"What ya gonna do with em." 

"I'm gonna raffle him off." 

"Ya can't raffle off a dead donkey!" 

"Sure I can. Watch me. I just won't tell anyone he's dead." 

A month later the farmer met up with the Cajun and asked, "What happened with the dead donkey?" 

"I raffled him off. I sold 500 tickets at $2 apiece and made a profit of $898." 

"Didn't anyone complain?" 

"Just the guy who won. So I gave him his $2 back."A man drives to a gas station and has his tank filled up. The gas-pumper spots two penguins sitting in the back seat of the car. 
He asks the driver, "What's up with the penguins in the back seat?" 

The man in the car says "I found them. I asked myself what to do with them but, I haven't had a clue." 

The clerk ponders a bit then says, "You should take them to the zoo." 

"Hey, that's a good idea," says the man in the car and drives away. 

The next day the man with the car is back at the same gas station. The clerk sees the penguins are still in the back seat of the car. 

"Hey, they're still here! I thought you were going to take them to the zoo." 

"Oh, I did," says the driver, "And we had a swell time. Today I am taking them to the beach."One day a man and a woman were driving and they get into a terrible collision with each other. Both cars are wrecked beyond recognition, but they both crawl out of the wreckage unhurt.
The woman says, "In a terrible accident...both of us are alive and, well, this must be a sign from God!"
The man agrees.
The woman says, "Well, we should celebrate our lives...here, let's drink to our celebration." She reaches into her wreckage of her car and pulls out a bottle of champagne which miraculously was not broken or even cracked. The man takes a huge gulp of the wine and passes it to the woman who politely waves it away.
The man says, "Don't you want any? It was your idea."
The woman says, "No thanks, I'll wait until the police get here."Chucky wanted $100 to buy a remote control car, so he prayed like crazy for two weeks ... but nothing happened.

Chucky decided to write God an urgent letter, requesting $100. When the post office received the letter addressed to God, USA, they forwarded the letter to the president.

The president was so amused by the letter that he told his secretary to send Chucky a $5 bill, figuring this would appear to be a lot of money to a little boy.

When Chucky received the cash, he was so delighted that he wrote a thank you note which read: 

Dear God: 
Thank you very much for sending the money. However, I noticed that you sent it through Washington, D.C. Next time, don't do that because, as usual, those jerks took 95%.
Love, 

ChuckyWhy do brunettes like their dark hair color?
-It doesn't show the dirt

Who makes all the bras for brunettes?
-Fisher-Price.

Why didn't Indians scalp brunettes?
-The hair from a buffalo's butt was more manageable.

Why are most brunettes flat-chested?
-It makes it easier for them to read their T-shirts.

Why are brunettes so proud of their hair?
-It matches their mustache.

Why is the color brunette considered evil?
-When's the last time ya saw a blonde witch?

How can you tell a brunette is lonely?
-Check her for a pulse.

What is the most frustrated animal in the world?
-A brunette rabbit

What did the frustrated brunette say to her uninterested lover?
-"What part of 'yes' do you not understand?"

Why did God create brunettes?
-So ugly men wouldn't feel left out.

What do brunettes miss most about a great party?
-The invitation.

Where do brunettes get the hair for a transplant?
-From their underarms.

What do you call a good-looking man with a brunette?
-Gay, married, or a hostage.

How did Revlon come up with its brunette hair color?
-By studying what oil spills did to seaweed.

Why do brunettes have to pay an extra $2,000 for a breast job?
-Because the plastic surgeon has to start from scratch.

How do you describe a brunette whose phone rings on Saturday night?
-Startled.A very old man and a woman are celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary. The man starts crying quietly. Touched by the mans sensitive side, she goes over to him, hugs him, and asks him whats the matter.
The man says, "Remember when we were 15 and your daddy who was a sheriff caught us? And remember he said I either had to marry you for what we did or I spend 50 years in jail?"
The woman nods.
The man says, "Well today I could have been a free man."1. Q: What do you call a blonde with half a brain?

A: Gifted!

2. Q: How do blonde brain cells die?

A: Alone.

3. Q: What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells?

A: Pregnant.

4. Q: What do a moped and a blond have in common?

A: They're both fun to ride until a friend sees you on one.

5. Q: What do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brunette?

A: Artificial intelligence.

A2: By doing the splits.

6. Q: Did you hear about the blonde skydiver?

A: She missed the Earth!

7. Q: Why aren't blondes good cattle herders?

A: Because they can't even keep two calves together!

8. Q: What did the blonde's right leg say to the left leg?

A: Nothing. They've never met.

9. Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?

A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!

10. Q: When does a brunette have 1/2 of a brain?

A: After a dye job.

11. Q: Why didn't the blonde want a window seat on the plane?

A1: She'd just dyed her hair.

A2: She'd just blow dried her hair and she didn't want it blown around too much.

12. Q: Why do blondes wear their hair up?

A: To catch everything that goes over their heads.

13. Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?

A: You can park in the handicap zone.

14. Q: What was the blonde psychic's greatest achievement?

A: An IN-body experience!

15. A: Did you hear about the blonde who dropped out of nursing school?

She was doing great until she found out she would have to perform the Hymen lick Maneuver.

16. Q: What happened to the blonde tap dancer?

A: She slipped off and fell down the drain.

17. Q: Why don't they let Blondes swim in the ocean?

A: Because they can't get the smell out of the tuna.

18. Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?

A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.19. How do you get a blondes eyes to twinkle?
Shine a torch in her ears.

20. Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?
It takes too long to retrain them.

21. How can you tell if a blonde's been using the computer?
There's white-out on the screen.

How can you tell if another blonde's been using the computer?
There's writing on the white-out.

22. What's the difference between a blonde and a computer?
You only have to punch information into a computer once.

23. What do you call four blondes in a Volkswagen?
Far-from-thinking

24. What did the blonde think of the new computer?
She didn't like it because she couldn't get channel 9.

25. Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?
(With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!

26. How do you kill a blonde?
Put spikes in their shoulder pads.

27. How do blondes pierce their ears?
They put tacks in their shoulder pads.

28. Why don't blondes eat Jello?
They can't figure out how to get two cups of water into those little packages.

29. Why did the blonde want to become a veterinarian?
She liked kids...

30. Why don't blondes eat pickles?
Because they can't get their head in the jar.

31. Teller: Why did the blonde move to L.A.?
Blonde: I don't know. Why?
Teller: It was easier to spell.
Blonde: Easier than what?

32. Why do blondes wear hoop earrings?
They have to have some place to rest their ankles.

33. Why do blondes where big hoop earrings?
To put their feet through.

34. How many blondes does it take to play tag?
One.

35. Why do blondes wear green lipstick?
Because red means stop.

36. How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?
Two, One to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass her the blow dryer!

37 How do you describe 3 prostitutes and a blonde?
Ho, Ho, Ho, and to all a good night.

38. Did you hear what the blonde who was opening a new bar said when her lawyer explained to her that she needed a liquor license?
"Oh, it's not gonna be THAT kind of a bar. That's disgusting!"

39. Why did the blonde fail her driver's license ?
She wasn't used to the front seat!

40. What does a blonde do if she is not in bed by 10?
She picks up her purse and goes home.

41. Where do blondes go to meet their relatives?
The vegetable garden.

42. What's the mating call of the blonde?
"I'm *sooo* drunk!"

43. What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
(Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"

44. How did the blonde die ice fishing?
She was run over by the Zamboni machine.

45. What's a brunette's mating call?
Has that blonde gone yet?
When is that blonde bitch going to leave!?
"All the blondes have gone home!"

46: Why do blondes drive BMWs?
Because they can spell it.

47. Why do blondes like the GST? (GST - Goods and Services Tax now in effect in Canada)
Because they can spell it.

48. What is 74 to a blonde?
69 plus G.S.T.

49. Why do blondes have TGIF on their shoes?
Toes Go In First.

50. Why do blondes have TGIF on their shirts?
Tits Go In Front.51. Q: What do you call a brunette with a blonde on either side?

A: An interpreter.

52. Q: What do you call a blonde between two brunettes?

A: A mental block.

53. Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?

A1: Blow in her ear.

A2: Buy her another beer.

54. Q: What do you say to a blonde that won't give in?

A: "Have another beer."

55. Q: What do blondes do with their arseholes in the morning?

A: Pack their lunch and send them to work.

56. Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?

A1: Introduces herself.

A2: Walks home.

57. Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer?

A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.

58. Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?

A: She fell out of the tree.

59 Q: What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it?

A: A thought.

60. Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?

A: One.

61. Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ?

A: She didn't know what ONE came first...

62 Q: What do you call a blonde without an asshole?

A: Divorced.What do you call a blonde behind a steering wheel?

An Air-BagA man walks into a bar and has a drink.
Then he hears a tiny voice say, "You are so handsome."
He looks to see who said that but finds no one. So he drinks again.
Then he hears a tiny voice say, "You are so smart and kind."
He looks around again and doesn't find anyone. He asks the bartender whats going on.
The bartender says, "O that, that's the peanuts. They're complimentary."3 men die in a car crash and are sent to the pearly gates. Having all lived good lives, they were all allowed in but they had certain restrictions. God told them that he would ask them a question. They should answer truthfully and depending on how they answer they will receive a home and a vehicle.
God asked the first man, "How many times have you cheated on your wife?"
The man said, "None. Never once."
God says, "Good. For being faithful you get a mansion and a stretch limo with a chaffeur."
Then God asks the second man how many times he's cheated.
The man says, "Only twice."
God says, "That is bad but at least you lived the rest of your life well. Have a 2 story house and a nice SUV."
Then God asks the third man the same question as the first two.
The third man says, "Lord, 8 times. I am sorry."
God is appalled, but the man is still a good man and he lets him in with an apartment and a used station wagon.
Later the second and third man see the first man crying his eyes out.
They say, "You got the limo and a mansion; why are you crying?"
The man says, "Earlier today, I saw my wife on rollerblades!"3 guys die in a car wreck and are sent to heaven.
At the gates St. Peter asks the three men what they would want their families to say at the funeral.
The first man says, "I want them to say I was an excellent husband and a great police officer."
The second man says, "I want them to say I was a great husband, a wonderful teacher and that I made a huge difference in their lives."
The third man says, "I wish they would say...LOOK! HE'S MOVING!"Lawyers creed: A man is innocent until proven broke.Q: Why does the law prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? 

A: To prevent clients from being billed twice for what is essentially the same service.Jon and Adam are in a mental institution. This place has an annual contest, where they pick two of the best patients and give them two questions. If they get them correct, they are deemed cured and are free to go. 

Jon is called into the doctor's office first and asked if he understands that he would be free if he answers the questions correctly. The doctor says, "Jon, what would happen if I poked out one of your eyes?" 

Jon answers, "I'd be half blind, doc." 

"That's correct. What if I poked out both of your eyes?" 

"I'd be completely blind." The doctor got up, shook his hand and told him he was free. 

On Jon's way out, while the doctor is filling out the paperwork, Jon mentions the exam to Adam. He tells him what questions are going to be asked, and also the answers. Adam is called in. The doctor goes through the formalities and asks, "What would happen if I cut off one of your ears?" 

Adam, remembering what Jon said was the correct answer, says, "I'd be half blind." 

The doctor is a little puzzled, but he carries on. "What if I cut off both of your ears?" 

"I'd be completely blind." Adam answers. 

"Adam, can you explain how you'd be blind?" 

"My hat would fall over my eyes."Once, in a small town, lived a man named Jack. 

Everyone in town knew Jack as a very optimistic person. Jack, whenever placed in a terrible situation, would say, "It could have been worse." Everyone in town was tired of hearing Jack say that, so one day they decided to lie to him. 

They went up to him and said, "Jack, the baker Bob found his wife in bed with another man last night! He shot the man and then himself! Isn't it terrible?" 

Then Jack said, "Well, yes it's terrible, but it could've been worse!" 

The townspeople said, "How could that possibly be worse?" 

Jack replied, "Well, if it had been the night before I would've been dead!"A man asked his doctor if he thought he'd live to be a hundred. 

The doctor asked the man, "Do you smoke or drink?" 

"No," he replied. "I've never done either." 

"Do you gamble, drive fast cars, or fool around with women?" inquired the doctor. 

"No, I've never done any of those things either." 

"Well, then," said the doctor, "what do you want to live to be a hundred for?"Jacob finds himself in dire trouble. His business has gone bust and he's in serious financial straits. He's so desperate that he decides to ask God for help. He goes to the synagogue and begins to pray. "God, please help me. I've lost my business and if I don't get some money soon, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lotto." 

Lotto night comes and somebody else wins it. Jacob goes back to the synagogue. "God, please let me win the lotto. I've lost my business, my house and now I'm even going to lose my car as well!" 

Lotto night comes and Jacob still has no luck. Back to the synagogue, "My God, why have you forsaken me so? I've lost my business, my house, my car and my wife and children are starving. I don't often ask you for help and I have always been a good servant to you. Why won't you just let me win the lotto this one time so I can get my life back in order?" 

Suddenly there is a blinding flash of light as the heavens open up. Jacob is confronted by the voice of God himself. 

"Jacob, my son.... meet me halfway on this one. Buy a goddamn ticket!"A blonde and a brunette go parachuting. The blonde jumps first, pulls her parachute cord, and slowly drifts in the air and enjoys the view. 

The brunette jumps after her and pulls her parachute cord, but nothing happens! She pulls it again, this time as hard as she can, but still nothing. She pulls the cord to the emergency chute, but that doesn't open either. She passes by the blonde like a speeding bullet! 

The blonde looks at her and says, while getting her parachute off her shoulders, "So, you want to race, do you?"A lawyer defending a man accused of burglary tried this creative defense: 

"My client merely inserted his arm into the window and removed a few trifling articles. His arm is not himself, and I fail to see how you can punish the whole individual for an offense committed by his limb." 

"Well put," the judge replied. "Using your logic, I sentence the defendant's arm to one year's imprisonment. He can accompany it or not, as he chooses." The defendant smiled. With his lawyer's assistance he detached his artificial limb, laid it on the bench, and walked out.A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded in the desert because their car broke down. The redhead grabs some water, the brunette grabs some food, and the blonde grabs the car door. 

They began walking, when the redhead turns to the brunette and says," Why did you bring the food?" 

She replies, " Well in case I get hungry, I can eat it. Why did you bring water?" 

The redhead replies, " Well in case I get thirsty, I can drink it." 

Then they both turn to the blonde and say, " Why did you bring the car door?" 

She replies, " Well in case I get hot, I can roll down the window."A blind man enters a Lesbian bar by mistake. He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a drink. After sitting there for a while the blind guy yells to the bartender: "Hey, wanna hear a blonde joke?' A deathly silence transcends the bar. 

In a deep, husky, menacing voice, the woman next to him says: "Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde, and I'm a 6' tall, 200lb blonde with a black belt in Karate. What's more, the woman sitting next to me is blonde and she's a weight lifter. The lady to your right is a blonde and she's a 
pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, Mister. You still wanna tell that joke?" 

The blind man pauses to think, and says, "Nah, not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times."Once there was a little boy who lived in the country. They had to use an outhouse, and the little boy hated it because it was hot in the summer, cold in the winter and stank all the time. The outhouse was sitting on the bank of a creek and the boy was determined that one day he would push that outhouse into the creek. 

One day after a spring rain, the creek was swollen so the little boy decided today was the day to push the outhouse into the creek. So he got a large stick and started pushing. Finally, the outhouse toppled into the creek and floated away. 

That night his dad told him they were going to the woodshed after supper. Knowing that meant a spanking, the little boy asked why. The dad 
replied, "Someone pushed the outhouse into the creek today. It was you, wasn't it, son?" The boy answered yes. Then he thought a moment and said, 
"Dad, I read in school today that George Washington chopped down a cherry tree and didn't get into trouble because he told the truth." 

The dad replied, "Well, son, George Washington's father wasn't in that cherry tree."The Egyptologist sneezed: Hapshepsut!Ever notice that "fat chance" and "slim chance" mean the same thing?Take your income and add 10%A husband & wife are talking. 
Husband: "How many times have you cheated on me?"
Wife: "Only twice."
Husband: "Tell me about them."
Wife: "Remember when you were very sick, and we didn't have money to pay for the doctor? Well, I slept with him."
Husband: "That's not so bad; and the other?"
Wife: "Remember when you were running in the elections, and you needed 450 votes?"What's the difference between a teacher and a train?

A train goes "chew, chew, chew," and a teacher says, "Spit that gum out!"How many FBI agents does it take to change a lightbulb?
Shut up! We'll be asking the questions here.Q: How many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb?

A: 3. One to change it and the other two to argue whether the lightbulb really exists."We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up."

-Phyllis DillerEvery solution breeds new problems.Join the Marines: Visit exotic places, meet
interesting people and then kill them.A guy goes to the movies one day, and in the front row there's an old man. With him was his dog. It was a sad, funny kind of film. You know the type. In the sad part the dog cried his eyes out, and in the funny part the dog laughed his head off. This happened all the way through the film. After the film had ended the guy decides to go and speak to the man.

"That's the most amazing thing I've ever seen," he said. "Your dog really seemed to enjoy the film."

The man turned. "Yeah, it really is amazing, because he hated the book."Did you hear about the new Polish million dollar lotery?

You get a dollar a year for a million years!!!I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her 
first name was Always.Why does a blonde smile at lightning?

She thinks she's getting her picture taken.What if people bought cars like they buy
Computers?

The car companies don't have help lines
for people who don't know how to drive,
because people don't buy cars like they
buy computers, imagine if they did.....

Helpline: General Motors Helpline, how can I help
you?

Customer: I got in my car and closed the door and
nothing happened!

Helpline: Did you put the key in the ignition slot
and turn it?

Customer: What's an ignition?

Helpline: It's a starter motor that draws current
from your battery and turns over the engine.

Customer: Ignition? Motor? Battery? Engine? How
come I have to know all these technical terms to
use my car.

Helpline: Toyota Helpline, how can I help you?

Customer: My car ran fine for a week and now it
won't go anywhere!

Helpline: Is the gas tank empty?

Customer: Huh?  How do I know?

Helpline: There's a little gauge on the front
panel with a needle and markings of 'E' and 'F'.
Where is the needle pointing?

Customer: It's pointing to 'E'. What does that
mean?

Helpline: It means you have to visit a gasoline
vendor and purchase some more gasoline. You can
install it yourself or pay the vendor to install
it for you.

Customer: What? I paid $18,000 for this car!
And you're telling me I need to keep buying more
components? This is outrageous! I want a car that
comes with everything built in!

Helpline: Ford Helpline, how can I help you?

Customer: Your cars suck!

Helpline: What's wrong?

Customer: It crashed, that's what's wrong!

Helpline: What were you doing?

Customer: Well I wanted to go faster, so I pushed
the accelerator pedal all the way to the floor, it
worked for a while and then it when off the road
at a corner and crashed and it won't start now!

Helpline: It's your responsibility if you misuse
the product. What do you expect us to do about it?

Customer: I expect you to send me one of the
latest versions that doesn't crash!

Helpline: BMW Helpline, how can I help you?

Customer: Hi, I just bought my first car, and I
chose your car because it has automatic
transmission, cruise control, power steering,
power brakes, power door locks, power seats,
power..

Helpline:  Well,.. thanks for buying one of our
top of line cars. So how can I help you?

Customer: Well, how do I work it?

Helpline: Do you know how to drive?

Customer: Do I know how to what?

Helpline: Do you know how to drive?

Customer: Look, I'm not a mechanic. I'm not even
very technical.  I just want to go places in my
new car!Q. If you are an AMERICAN when you go into the 
bathroom and you are an AMERICAN when you come 
out of the bathroom....What are you WHILE you 
are in the bathroom?

A. EUROPEAN... of course!A blonde goes into work one morning crying her eyes out. 
Her boss, concerned about his employee's well being, asks sympathetically, "What's the matter?" 

The blonde replies, "Early this morning I got a phone call saying that my mother had passed away." 

"I'm terribly sorry to hear that. Why don't you go home for the day... we aren't terribly busy. Just take the day off to relax and rest." 

The blonde very calmly explains, "No, I'd be better off here. I need to keep my mind off it and I have the best chance of doing that here." 

The boss agrees and allows the blonde to work as usual. "If you need anything, just let me know," he says. 

A few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the blonde. He looks out over his office and sees the blonde crying hysterically. He rushes out to her, and asks, "Are you going to be okay? Is there anything I can do to help?" 

"No," replies the blonde, "I just got a call from my sister, and she said that HER mom died too!"A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island. 
One day, the three of them are walking along the beach and discover a magic lamp. They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie. 

The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one." 

The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband, and my life. I just want to go home." 

POOF! The brunette gets her wish and she is returned to her family. 

Then, the red head says, "I've been stuck here for years as well. I miss my family, my husband, and my life. I wish I could go home too." 

POOF! The redhead gets her wish and she is returned to her family. 

The blonde starts crying uncontrollably. 

The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?" 

The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here."A blonde is walking down the street with her blouse open, exposing one of her breasts. 
A nearby policeman approaches her and remarks, "Ma'am, are you aware that I could cite you for indecent exposure?" 

"Why, officer?" asks the blonde. 

"Because your blouse is open and your breast is exposed." 

"Oh my goodness," exclaims the blonde, "I left my baby on the bus!"A busload of politicians were driving down a country road, when suddenly the bus ran off the road and crashed into an old farmer's barn. 
The old farmer got off his tractor and went to investigate. Soon he dug a hole and buried the politicians. A few days later, the local sheriff came out, saw the crashed bus and asked the old farmer where all the politicians had gone. 

The old farmer told him he had buried them. 

The sheriff asked the old farmer, "Lordy, were they ALL dead?" 

The old farmer said, "Well, some of them said they weren't, but you know how them crooked politicians lie."Why did a blonde take an empty glass and a glass full of water to bed?

She wasn't sure if she would get thirsty during the night.What does a blonde say when you blow in their ear?

Thank you for the refill.A man dies and goes to hell. When he arrives Satan gives him a choice of what eternal punishment he'll be given.
They go to a wall with 3 doors. Satan opens the first door and there are people standing on their heads on blocks of ice.
The man says, "No way, I cant do this punishment."  So they move on to the next room.
Satan opens the second door and there are people standing on their heads on a brick floor.
The man says, "No way, that would give me headaches forever." So they move on to the next room.
Satan opens the door and inside there are people sitting in cow manure drinking tea and eating cookies.
The man figures it can't be that bad so he chooses to spend eternity in that room.
Just before Satan closes the door he yells back, "Alrite break time is over! Back on your heads!"How many republicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

None, they only screw the poor.How many blondes does it take to screw in a lighbulb?

None, they just assume they've gone blind.A drunk man stumbles into the bar to the only other customer and asks if the man would buy him a drink.
The second man says yes.
They have a drink, and the first man decides to fill the quiet gap.
He asks, "So where you from?"
The second man replies, "Ireland."
The first man says, "WOW! Me too. Let's drink to Ireland."
They drink and the second man says, "So what part of Ireland ya from?"
The first man says, "Dublin. So...what school did you go to?"
The second man says, "St. Sebastians. Graduated in 1969."
The first man astonished says, "ME TOO! Damn, what a coincidence."
Just then a regular comes in the bar and asks the bartender what's going on.
The bartender replies, "Nothin' much. The O'Malley twins are drunk again."Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me, but deep down I know that's not true.  Some of the smaller countries are neutral.

-- Robert OrbenA wealthy Australian man decided to go on a safari in Africa. He took his faithful pet Dingo along for company.

One day, the Dingo starts chasing butterflies, and before long he discovers that he is lost.

Wandering about, he notices a leopard heading rapidly in his direction with the obvious intention of having lunch. The dingo thinks, "Geez, I'm in deep poop now!" Then he noticed some bones on the ground close by, and immediately settles down to chew on the bones with his back to the approaching cat.

Just as the leopard is about to leap, the dingo exclaims loudly, "Bugger me dead, that was one delicious leopard. I wonder if there are any more around here?"

Hearing this, the leopard halts his attack in mid stride, as a look of terror comes over him, and slinks away into the trees. "Whew," says the leopard. "That was close. That dingo nearly had me."

Meanwhile, a monkey who had been watching the whole scene from a nearby tree figures he can put this knowledge to good use and trade it for protection from the leopard. So, off he goes. But the dingo sees him heading after the leopard with great speed, and figures that something must be up.

The monkey soon catches up with the leopard, spills the beans and strikes a deal for himself with the leopard. The leopard is furious at being made a fool of and says, "Here monkey, hop on my back and see what's going to happen to that conniving Aussie canine."

Now the dingo sees the leopard coming with the monkey on his back, and thinks, "Struth, what am I going to do now?" But instead of running, the dog sits down with his back to his attackers, pretending he hasn't seen them yet, and just when they get close enough to hear, the dingo says, "Where the bloody hell's that monkey? I sent him off half an hour ago to bring me another leopard."

MORAL: SOMETIMES IF YOU CAN'T DAZZLE THEM WITH BRILLIANCE, THEN BAFFLE THEM WITH BULLSHIT!One day a secretary noticed her boss's fly was open.
Not wanting to embarrass him, she whispers in his ear, "Your barracks are open, and your soldier is saluting at the gates."
The man, realizing what she means, decides to have some fun and says, "Do you see the colonel standing to attention?"
She whispers back, "No; all I see is a veteran sitting on his two duffel bags."A drunk phones the police.
He yells, "Come quick! Thieves have stolen my dashboard, steering wheel, brake and gas pedal, and my dang radio!! MY RADIO!!"
The police are just about to send out an officer when the drunk phones back.
He says very calmly, "Sorry officers. It turns out I just got in my backseat."A blonde is speeding down a deserted street when she is pulled over by a police officer.
The officer very politely requests to see the blondes license.
The blonde very indignant replies, "You know what? I'm getting tired of you cops. You just can't make up your mind. Last week you took away my license, and now you want me to show it to you?"Q. How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb?

A. Only one, but he has to do it while you're eating dinner.Sign seen on a maternity-ward door:

Push! Push! Push!Q: What's the difference between a dry cleaner and a lawyer?

A: The cleaner pays if he loses your suit.  A lawyer can lose your suit and still take you to the cleaners.After they'd brought their first baby home from the hospital, a young wife suggested to her husband that he try his hand at changing diapers.  "I'm busy," he said.  "I'll do the next one."

The next time the baby was wet, she asked if he was now ready to learn how to change diapers.  He looked puzzled.  "Oh," he replied finally.  "I didn't mean the next diaper.  I meant the next baby!"Tarzan swings through the air
Tarzan loses his underwear
Tarzan says "Me no care,
Jane make me another pair."

Boy swings through the air
Boy loses his underwear
Boy says "Me no care,
Jane make me another pair."

Cheetah swings through the air
Cheetah loses his underwear
Cheetah says "Me no care,
Jane make me another pair."

Jane swings through the air
Jane loses her underwear
Jane says "Me no care,
Tarzan like me better bare!"There once was a farmer who took a young miss
Out back of the barn where he gave her a ... 
Lecture on horses and cattle and eggs
And told she had the most wonderful ...
Manners that suited a girl of her charms
A girl that he wanted to take in his ...
Washing and ironing and then if she did
They could get married and raise lots of ...

Sweet violets, sweeter than all the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
Covered all over with sweet violets

The girl told the farmer that he better quit
Then she called her father and he took a ...
Taxi and got there before very long
'Cause someone was treating his little girl ...
Right for a change and so that's why he said
If you marry my daughter, you're better off ...
Single, for son it has always been my belief
That marriage will bring a man nothing but ...

Sweet violets, sweeter than all the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
Covered all over with sweet violets"Are you sure you don't want some Novocain?" asked the dentist.

"I'm sure," replied the maharishi.  "I wish to transcend dental medication.""You have a very rare and extremely contagious condition," the doctor told his patient.  "We're going to put you in an isolation unit, where you'll be on a diet of pancakes and pizza."

"Will pancakes and pizza cure my condition?"

"No," replied the doctor. "They're the only things we can slip under the door."Two men were sitting by the swimming pool at a nudist colony when they noticed a beautiful young woman walking towards the pool.  Her tan lines traced the outline of a tiny bathing suit with elaborately criss-crossed straps across the back.

"I'll bet she looks great in that suit," one of the men said wistfully.An RCMP officer pulled over a vehicle that had performed a rolling stop at a stop sign.

When the driver was told this, he replied, "But it says STOP, not STAY!"A police officer pulled over a vehicle that had just driven through an intersection without slowing for the traffic light, which flashes red continually.  (It flashes amber for the cross direction.)

The driver, blonde of course, explained, "But I didn't go through on the RED, I went through on the BLACK!"Seen on a bumper sticker:

"I don't care who's on board, what you love, who you brake for or what you'd rather be doing.""All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I
should have been more specific."

-Jane Wagner"Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world."

-Dave BarryHow do you confuse a stupid person?

Put them in a round room and tell them to sit in the corner.Why do blondes hate making Kool-aid? 

They can't fit the 8 cups of water in the 
envelope!You know that little indestructible black box that
is used on planes?

Why can't they make the whole plane out of the
same stuff?Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on the bathroom scale!This American is on a business trip to Mexico and has the first day off. He decides he wants to ride a donkey, a traditional Mexican thing. 

He asks this local man if he can rent a donkey for the day. The man says, "Gringo we call them asses here in Mexico. If you want him to stop though you need to scratch him." The American agrees and pays the Mexican man his money and rides away. 

The man then decides that he wants something to eat so he rides to a hot dog stand. He asks the man if he can get a hot dog with mustard and relish. The man then replies "Sir, we call them weeners here." The American agrees and hands the man his money. 

He then sees that his donkey is slowly walking away. So he asks another man standing by him who is also American if he would "hold his weener so he can scratch his ass"Why can't Dolly Parton be a teacher?

Because every time she turns around she erases the black board.Q. Why are 1990 American dollar bills worth more
than 1989 American dollar bills?

A. One thousand nine hundred and ninety dollar
bills are worth one dollar more than one thousand
nine hundred and eighty-nine dollar bills.A drunken man was wondering around the parking lot of a bar, bumping into then rubbing the roofs of
the cars.

The manager comes out of the bar and stops the guy. "What the heck are you doing?" he asks the drunk.

"I'm looking for my car, and I can't find it." he replies.

"So how does feeling the roof help you?" asks the puzzled manager.

"Well," replies the drunk earnestly, "My car has two blue lights and a siren on the roof!".Q:What's the difference between a new husband and 
a new dog? 

A: A dog only takes a couple of months to train.Let's face it -- English is a crazy language. There is no egg in eggplant nor ham in hamburger; neither apple nor
pine in pineapple. English muffins weren't invented in England or French fries in France. Sweetmeats are candies
while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat.

We take English for granted. But if we explore it's paradoxes, we find that quicksand can work slowly, boxing rings are square and a guinea pig is neither from Guinea nor is it a pig.

And why is it that writers write but fingers don't fing, grocers don't groce, and hammers don't ham? If the plural of
tooth is teeth, why isn't the plural of booth beeth? One goose, 2 geese. So one moose, 2 meese? One index, 2 indices?

Doesn't it seem crazy that you can make amends but not one amend, that you comb through annals of history but not a
single annal? If you have a bunch of odds and ends and get rid of all but one of them, what do you call it?

If teachers taught, why didn't preachers praught? If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat? If you wrote a letter, perhaps you bote your tongue?

Sometimes I think all the English speakers should be committed to an asylum for the verbally insane. In what
language do people recite at a play and play at a recital? Ship by truck and send cargo by ship? Have noses that run
and feet that smell? Park on driveways and drive on parkways?

How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same, while a wise man and a wise guy are opposites? How can overlook and
oversee be opposites, while quite a lot and quite a few are alike? How can the weather be hot as hell one day and cold
as hell another?

Have you noticed that we talk about certain things only when they are absent? Have you ever seen a horseful carriage or a strapful gown? Met a sung hero or experienced requited love? Have you ever run into someone who was combobulated, gruntled, ruly or peccable? And where are all those people who ARE spring chickens or who would ACTUALLY hurt a fly?

You have to marvel at the unique lunacy of a language in which your house can burn up as it burns down, in which you
fill in a form by filling it out and in which an alarm goes off by going on.

English was invented by people, not computers, and it reflects the creativity of the human race (which, of
course, isn't a race at all). That is why, when the stars are out, they are visible, but when the lights are out, they are invisible. And why, when I wind up my watch, I start it, but when I wind up this essay, I end it.To the tune of "I'm Looking Over a Four Leaf Clover":

I'm looking over my dead dog Rover
That I ran over with the power mower
One leg is missing, another is gone
The third leg is scattered all over the lawn
No need explainin' the one remainin'
Is under the car port door
I'm looking over my dead dog Rover
That I overlooked before!"Mommy, I hate my sister's guts!"

"Shut up and eat what's put in front of you!"Then there was the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a good figure.She frowned and called him Mr.
Because in sport he kr.
And so in spite
That very night
The Mr. kr. sr."How can you stand it?" the young psychiatrist asked the old psychiatrist. "Day in, day out, year in, year out, listening, listening, listening!"

"Who listens?"Then there was the neat nurse, who made the patient without disturbing the bed.Then there were the three bears.  One married a giraffe.  The other two put him up to it.Mind Over Matter 

If you don't mind, 
it doesn't matter."Madame," said the psychiatrist, "you haven't got a complex; you ARE inferior."Recently a guy in Paris nearly got away with
stealing several paintings from the Louvre.

However, after planning the crime, and getting
in and out past incredible security, he was
captured only two blocks away when his Econoline
ran out of gas.

When asked how he could mastermind such a crime
and then make such an obvious error, he replied:

I had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh!The wife ran into the house, screaming to her actor husband, "Darling, come quick.  Your kids and my kids are beating up on our kids!"The Romans had to give up their big holidays because of the tremendous overhead.  The lions ate up all of their prophets.Why is it that when we talk to God we call it
praying, yet when God talks to us we are schizophrenic?

-Lily TomlinDid you see that movie about the pirate? 

It's rated Arrr!Yo momma is so fat, it takes 2 toilets to fit one cheek!Your mama so fat that she has to wear traintracks for a belt!Your mama so old and fat that she went to see Mt. Rushmore and sang "We Are Family"Your mama so big that people walk around her for exercise.Little Jimmy bit his fingernails all the time. His parents tried everything to get him to stop, but to no avail. Finally, his mother, exasperated, decided to tell him a little white lie to get him to stop. 

"Jimmy," she said, "You'd better stop biting your fingernails. If you don't, then those fingernails will pile up inside your stomach and soon your stomach will be huge and full of fingernails." Jimmy, worried about the idea of fingernails in his stomach, agreed to stop. 

The next day, Jimmy and his mom were shopping in a supermarket. They went to check out, and a pregnant woman was waiting in line in front of them. Jimmy beamed at the pregnant woman and said, "I know what YOU'VE been doing...."Duck #1: Quack
Duck #2: Quack
Duck #3: Quack Quack
Duck #1 takes out a gun and shoots Duck #3. 
Duck #2: "Why did you shoot him?" 
Duck #1: "He knew too much."One day Little Red Riding Hood was walking in the woods. She put her head between some bushes and suddenly she sees the wolf with his eyes wide open and red.
She asks him, "Why are your eyes so big, wolf?" 
The wolf answers, "Shut up and let me shit in peace!"A middle-aged woman had a heart attack and was taken to the hospital. While on the operating table, she had a near death experience. Seeing God, she asked, "Is my time up?

God said, "No, you have another 43 years, two months and eight days to live." Upon recovery, the woman decided to stay in the hospital and have a 
face lift, liposuction and tummy tuck. Since she had so much more time to live, she figured she might as well look even nicer.

After her last operation, she was released from the hospital. While crossing the street on her way home, she was hit and killed by an ambulance.

Arriving in front of God, she demanded, "I thought you said I had another 40 years? Why didn't you pull me out of the path of that ambulance?"

God replied, "Girl, I didn't recognize you."What is Mary short for?

For having no legs, of course...If you didn't have any, you would be short too.Hey, have any of you heard of the kidnapping in the woods?

Yeah, well, it all turns out OK, though, since he woke up...A man has returned to his car after coming out of a local shopping centre and notices that his rear bumper is completely bashed in and the back half of his car is severely crushed. He goes to the front to see if there's any damage there and finds a note on the windshield. Relieved that the other motorist left a note he opens it up and reads it.
It says,
"Dear Sir or Madam, So very sorry about your car. But you see, I don't currently have insurance so I can't afford to pay you for the damages. But a crowd was gathering after I had smashed your car and I had to look like I was writing down my name and phone number. And since I couldn't do that, I decided to write this instead. Have a nice day."Two guys are sitting there enjoying the Saturday night baseball game. It is the top of the 2nd inning when suddenly they notice two Nuns arrive at the game. Lo and behold the Nuns enter the row in front of them and make there way along, of course sitting directly in front of them. 

Well, their disgust was overwhelming... Nuns... at a baseball match!!! One of them immediately comes out with the comment "Go to a basketball game, ya wouldn't find Nuns there now would ya!?". 

A little while on, the other of the two comments "Go to a football game, ya wouldn't find Nuns there now would ya!?". 

Again, not more than five minutes later, the first one mentions "Go to a Ice Hockey game, you wouldn't find Nuns there now would ya!?". 

Well that was obviously the breaking point and immediately one of the Nuns turned to the two men, bellowing "Go to hell! Ya won't find Nuns there either!!!"A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. After mass, he asked the bishop how he had done. The bishop replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass. If I start to get nervous, I take a sip."

So next Sunday, he took the bishop's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink. He proceeded to talk up a storm.

Upon his return to his office after the mass, he found the following note on the door:

1) Sip the vodka, don't gulp.
2) There are 10 commandments, not 12.
3) There are 12 disciples, not 10.
4) Jesus was consecrated, not constipated.
5) Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass.
6) We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J.C.
7) The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior and the spook.
8) David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
9) When David was hit by a rock and was knocked off his donkey, don't say he was stoned off his ass.
10) We do not refer to the cross as the Big T.
11) The recommended grace before a meal is not: Rub-A-Dub-Dub thanks for the grub, Yeah God.
12) Next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St. Peter's not a Peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's.A man goes to the doctor and says "Doctor doctor! I can't eat food through my mouth cause it hurts" The doc says "Try eating through your bum, it might help" A few weeks later the doctor sees the man walking down the road in a very weird way, he asks "Why are you walking like that? Are you hurt?" The man replies "No you fool! I'm chewing a toffie"In your next life would you rather be a female bear?

If you're a bear, you get to hibernate. You do nothing but  sleep for six months. Could you deal with that?

Before you hibernate,  you're supposed to eat yourself stupid. Could you deal with that too?

If you're a bear, you give birth to your children (who are the size of walnuts) while you're sleeping and wake to partially grown, cute cuddly cubs. Could you deal with that?

If you're a mumma bear, everyone knows you mean business. You swat anyone who bothers your cubs. If your cubs get out of line, you swat them, too. Could you deal with that?

If you're a bear, your mate EXPECTS you to wake up growling. He EXPECTS that you will have hairy legs and excess body fat.

Any women out there rather be a bear?Once upon a time, there was a female brain cell which, by mistake, happened to end up in a man's head. She looked around nervously, but it was all empty and quiet. 
"Hello?" she cried...but no answer.  
"Is there anyone here?" she cried a little louder, but still no answer....  
Now the female brain cell started to feel alone and scared and yelled:  
"HELLO, IS THERE ANYONE HERE?"  

Then she heard a voice from far, far away ... "Hello - we're all down here...."Jesse Jackson is visiting a primary school and he visits one of the classes.  They're in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings.  The teacher asks the "Rev" Jackson if he would like to lead the discussion on the word "tragedy."

So the illustrious leader asks the class for an example of a "tragedy".  One little boy stands up and offers:  "If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy."

"No," says the Great Jesse Jackson, "That would be an accident."

A little girl raises her hand:  "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy."

"I'm afraid not," explains the exalted spiritual leader.  "That's what we would call a great loss."

The room goes silent.  No other children volunteer.  Rev. Jackson searches the room.  "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?"

Finally at the back of the room a small boy raises his hand.  In a quiet voice he says:  "If a jet carrying the Rev. and Mrs. Jackson were struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy."

"Fantastic!"  exclains Jackson, "That's right.  And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?"

"Well," says the boy, "because it certainly wouldn't be a great loss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either."One day, George W. Bush was leaving a very interesting meeting of the United Nations. Once stepping outside, he was met by the Iraqi ambassador, and he started to talk to George.  

"You know, George, my children are here on this trip with me to the States, and they have gained interest in your television programs.  They have especially like the television show Star Trek, although one thing is bothering them about it...The show shows how the races of the Earth can come together in the starship Enterprise, although, they have never seen an Iraqi citizen aboard the ship, and they were just wondering; Why is that?"

George chuckles a little and gives him a short answer to his question.  "Because it takes place in the FUTURE!"Yo mama is so fat she used Saturn's rings as hoola-hoops!What are two blondes doing in front of a motorcycle?

Arguing about who get a window seat.What do you call a smart blond?

An Endangered speciesWhat do you call a movie about a man trying to make a blond smart?

Mission ImpossibleThere are 99 Blonds on a plane and 1 Brunette. The captain radios in that they are going down, So they drop all the luggage. They were still going down so they drop out all the chairs. They were still going down so they dropped the floor. So they are hanging by their hands from the top on the plane with no floor. So the captain say's "1 person jump out" the Brunette say's "I'll sacrifice my life", and all the Blonds start clapping.Why do blondes climb chain-link fences?

To see what's on the other side.Why does a blond wear a tight skirt?
To keep her legs closedWhat is more stupid then a brunette trying to start a fire in a pool? 
A blonde trying to put it out.What do you call an intelligent blonde?

A Golden RetrieverA blonde is on the road when suddenly she gets a phonecall from her friend: "Watch out! I heard on the radio that some lunatic is going against traffic!" So the blonde says, "Only one? They all are!"How many Dyslexics does it take to change a Lit Blub?Anyone remember Roy Clark, host of TV's "Hee Haw"?

Once, cohost Buck Owens was visiting Roy's home in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains.  Roy was upset because he had just bought a beautiful new pair of genuine leather boots that were completely destroyed by a mountain lion the night before when Roy had left them on the back porch.

Roy was bound and determined to get the animal, so he and Buck, and several townspeople, took up arms and searched the hills.  The group searched for hours to no avail.  Then suddenly, Buck heard a feline wail.

Buck turns to his friend and sings:

"Pardon me Roy, is that the cat that chewed your new shoes?"Why do ducks have webbed feet? 
To stamp out fires. 
Why do elephants have flat feet? 
To stamp out burning ducks.This was unveiled by scientists as "The Funniest Joke in the World":

Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his phone and calls the emergency services.
He gasps: "My friend is dead! What can I do?" The operator says: "Calm down, I can help. First, let's make sure he's dead."
There is a silence, then a shot is heard. Back on the phone, the guy says: "OK, now what?"A mother and her young son returned from the grocery store and began putting away the groceries. The boy opened the box of animal crackers and spread them all over the table. 
"What are you doin?" his mother asked; "you can't eat them if the seal is broken."
The boy explained, "I'm looking for the seal."A waiter asks a man, "May I take your order, sir?" 

"Yes," the man replies. "I'm just wondering, exactly how do you prepare your chickens?"

"Nothing special, sir. We just tell them straight out that they're going to die."Yo mama so fat, she coughed next to a corn field and made popcorn.What's the difference between men and women?

Women zoom with a camera by walking closer or farther away; men just push the button!10. Likes people that oppress him: teachers, parents, principals, police, and authority figures. 
9. Is overly enthusiastic about 'Dungeons and Dragons' and other role playing games. 
8. Very familiar with megahertz, wears glasses and, can quote scripture. 
7. Frequently speaks of martial arts, but still gets beaten up. 
6. Says 'Whom' instead of 'Who.' 
5. Is pleased when disruptive individuals are sent to the office, so that they can continue with their learning. 
4. Prefers NPR to any music. 
3. Gets upset when there is a test or quiz that he did not know about. 
2. Rooted for Deep-Blue in the famous chess game. 
1. Must be pulled off bridge when not accepted at the college of his choice.Three couples went to a resturant. The women wanted to compliment the men with something that was on the table. 
"Could you pass me the sugar, sugar?" said the first gal. 
"Could you pass me the honey, honey?" said the second. 
"Could you pass me the bacon, pig?" said the third.A man and a friend are playing golf one day at their local golf course. One of the guys is about to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to the course. He stops in mid-swing, takes off his golf cap, closes his eyes, and bows down in prayer.
His friend says: "Wow, that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen. You truly are a kind man."

The man then replies: "Yeah, well we were married 35 years."When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity. To combat the problem, NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300 degrees Celsius. 

The Russians used a pencil.A woman gets on a bus with her baby. The bus driver says: "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen. Ugh!" The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her: "The driver just insulted me!"
The man says: "You go right up there and tell him off; go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you."What did the wall say to the picture?



How's it hangin`?Wilfred had just learned his abc's and was very scared of doing them in front of the class. The teacher, though, told him that the best way to conquer his fears would be to just go ahead and do it. So, trembling, he stood in front of the class and began. 
"ABCDEFGHIJLKMNOQRSTUVWXYZ." 

"Very good, Wilfred. But you forgot the P. Where's the P? 

"It's running down my leg."I wonder who came up with the company People's Gas and where was their Pepto-Bismal?You are so stupid you tripped over a cordless phone!

You are so stupid you got locked in a furniture store and sat on the floor!

You are so stupid you didn't know how to swim so you got in the fish tank to try and learn!What happens when the smog clears over southern California?

UCLAMama Skunk had two children named In and Out.

The two were always on the go, but rarely in one place at the same time.  Whenever In was in, Out was out.  Whenever In was out, Out was in.

One day at dinner time, Out was home, but In was no where to be seen.  Mama Skunk sent Out out to bring In in for dinner.  Out quickly returned with In and Mama was amazed.

"However did you find In so quickly in all the vast forest?" asked Mama.

"Easy," said Out.  "Instinct!"A man was enjoying a pleasant afternoon of golf.

On the 15th hole, he drove his ball to the right of the fairway into a patch of buttercups.  As he neared the ball, he heard a small voice say, "Please sir, don't hurt my buttercups!."

He looked around, but there was no one nearby.  So he starts towards his ball again and hears, "Please sir, don't hurt my buttercups!"

Well, the man is a little disturbed by this, so he decides to leave that ball and play another, even though this will cost him a stroke.  After he makes his play, an elf appears!

"Thank you, sir, for not hurting my buttercups.  As a reward, I will give you all the butter you could ever want."

"Well, that's great," replied the man, "but where were you when I was in the pussy willows?!"Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
I thought I was stupid,
Then I met you!There were 3 men who wanted to buy toilets, so they went to the nearest store and were looking at the new designs of the toilets.

The first guy asks for a toilet that would go nice in his log cabin out in the woods, so the salesman sells him a toilet made of wood.

The second guy asks for a toilet that would be nice for an igloo, so the salesman sells him a toilet made of ice.

The third guy asked for the nicest toilet they have that would go in the National History of Canada Museums employee restroom, so the salesman sells him a singing toilet with a picture of the Canadian flag on the tank.

Well, they all get what they asked for.

The next day all 3 men come back with their toilets.

The first man says, "This toilet sucks. Whenever I try to use it, I get pieces of wood stuck in my butt."

The second man says, "This toilet sucks. Whenever I try to use it my butt gets frozen to the seat and I have to use a hairdryer to get my butt off."

The third man says, "This toilet is too patriotic. Whenever I want to use the toilet, I sit down and the toilet plays 'O Canada, and I have to stand up'."Man#1 is mowing his lawn when 2 hearses come down his street going very very slowly. The hearses are followed by a man walking a dog. And behind the man and the dog is a line of men walking single-file. There must have been 5 or 6 dozen men following. Curious about the procession Man#1 runs to catch up with Man#2 and his dog.
Man#1 asks Man#2 who's in the first hearse.
Man#2 replies, "My wife. My dog bit her. And she died in the hospital a bit later."
Man#1 says, "I'm so very sorry for your loss. Mind if I ask who's in the second hearse?"
Man#2 says, "Not at all, it's my mother in law. My dog also bit her and she died later in the hospital."
Man#1 replies, "Can I borrow your dog?"
Man#2, "Get in line."How do you know a blonde is having a bad day?

Her tampon is behind her ear, and she's looking for her pencil.The crime boss and his attorney meet with his accountant.  "Where's the $3  million you embezzled from me?" demands the gangster.  The accountant is silent.  "Where's my $3 million?" the crime boss shouts.

The lawyer explains: "Sir, the man is deaf.  Allow me to translate."

Using sign language, the attorney asks the accountant about the money; the message relayed back is that the accountant knows nothing about it.

Furious, the crime boss pulls out a revolver and puts it to the accountant's head, screaming at the lawyer, "Ask him again where my %#*!@#&*# money is!"

"Okay! Okay!" the deaf accountant signs back.  "The money's hidden behind the old toolshed in my backyard."

"What did he say?" demands the enraged crime boss.

The attorney replies, "He says you don't have the guts to pull the trigger."1960's arithmetic test: 
A logger cuts and sells a truckload of lumber for $100.  His cost of production is four fifths of that amount.  What is his profit?

1970's new-math test:
A logger exchanges a set (L) of lumber for a set (M) of money.  The cardinality of set M is 100.  The set C of production costs contains 20 fewer points.  What is the cardinality of set P of profits?

1980's "dumbed down" version:
A logger cuts and sells a truckload of lumber for $100.  His cost is $80, his profit is $20.  Find and circle the number 20.

1990's version:
An unenlightened logger cuts down a beautiful stand of 100 trees in order to make a $20 profit.  Write an essay explaining how you feel about this as a way to make money.  Topic for discussion: How did the forest birds and squirrels feel?I make money the old-fashioned way.  My salary is the same as it was ten years ago."My husband won a trip for two to Hawaii," a woman complained to her marriage counsellor. 
 "He went twice!"Jack tells his shrink, "Last night I dreamed you were my mother."

"How did you feel about it after you woke up?" asks the psychiatrist.

"I overslept," answers Jack. "Then I remembered I had an appointment with you, so I grabbed a Coke and some cookies for breakfast and came right over.  I didn't really have time to think about it.  What does it mean, doc?"

"A Coke and some cookies?" says the psychiatrist.  "You call that breakfast?"NAMES OF ACTUAL COUPLES GETTING MARRIED:
Broken-Bridge
Sarry-Huney
Big-Theisman
Lossin-Hare
Redder-Bottum

CAN'T WAIT TO SEE HOW LONG THOSE COUPLES LAST!Actual Newspaper Headline:

Kids Make Great Snacks For Teachers.An 86 year old man walked into a crowded doctor's office.  As he approached  the desk, the receptionist said, "Yes sir, what are you seeing the doctor for today?"
 
"There's something wrong with my penis," he replied.
 
The receptionist became irritated and said, "You shouldn't come into a  crowded office and say things like that."
 
"Why not?  You asked me what was wrong and I told you," he said.
 
The receptionist replied, "You've obviously caused some embarrassment in  this room full of people.  You should have said there is something wrong 
with your ear or something and then discussed the problem further with the doctor in private."
 
The man walked out, waited several minutes and then re-entered.
 
The receptionist smiled smugly and asked, "Yes?"
 
"There's something wrong with my ear," he stated.  The receptionist nodded approvingly and smiled, knowing he had taken her advice.
 
"And what is wrong with your ear, Sir?"
 
"I can't piss out of it," the man replied.A few minutes before the church services start the parishioners are sitting 
in their pews and talking. Suddenly, Satan appears at the front of the
church. Everyone starts screaming and running for the door, trampling
each other in a frantic effort to get away from evil incarnate. Soon
everyone is gone except for an elderly gentleman sitting calmly in his pew, 
seemingly unaware that God's ultimate enemy is in his presence.

Satan walks up to the old man and asks, "Don't you know who I am?"
"Yep," the old guy replies, "sure do."
"Aren't you afraid of me?" Satan asks.
"Nope, sure ain't." says the man.
"Don't you realize I can kill you with a word?"
"Don't doubt it for a minute." says the old man.
"Don't you know that I can cause you profound, horrifying, physical
AGONY for all eternity??" persists Satan.
"Yep." is the calm reply.
"And you're still not afraid??"
"Nope."
Frustrated and more than just a little perturbed now Satan asks, "Well,
why aren't you afraid of me???"

"I've been married to your sister for over 50 years"The United Airline's passenger cabin was being served by an obviously gay flight attendant who seemed to put everyone in a good mood as he served them food and drinks. As the plane prepared to descend, he came swishing down the aisle and announced to the passengers, "Captain Marvey has asked me to announce that he'll be landing the big scary plane shortly, lovely people, so if you could just put up your trays that would be super."

  On his trip back up the aisle, he noticed that a well dressed, rather exotic looking woman hadn't moved a muscle. "Perhaps you didn't hear me over those big brute engines. I asked you to raise your trazy-poo so the main man can pitty-pat us on the ground."
  She calmly turned her head and said, "In my country, I am called a Princess. I take orders from no one."

  To which the flight attendant replied, without missing a beat, "Well, sweet-cheeks, in my country, I'm called a Queen, so I outrank you - put the tray up, bitch!"A  mother took her daughter to the doctor and asked him to give her an examination to determine the cause of her daughter's swollen abdomen.
It only took the doctor about 2 seconds to say "Gimmee a break lady! Your daughter is pregnant." 
The mother turned red with fury and she argued with the doctor that her daughter was a good girl and would never compromise her reputation by having sex with a boy.
The doctor faced the window and silently watched the horizon. The mother became enraged an screamed,

"Quit looking out the window! Aren't you paying attention to me?" 

"Yes, of course I am paying attention ma'am. It's just that the last time this happened, a star appeared in the east, and three wise men came. I was hoping they would show up again and help me figure out who got your daughter pregnant."Q: How many women with PMS does it take to change a light bulb?
 
A: One.  
Only ONE!!
 And do you know why it only takes ONE? Because no one else  in this house knows HOW to change a light bulb.  They don't  even know the bulb is BURNT OUT.  They would sit in this house in the dark for THREE DAYS before they figured it OUT.   And once they figured it out they wouldn't be able to find  the light bulbs despite the fact they have been in the SAME CUPBOARD for the past SEVENTEEN YEARS.  But if they did, by some miracle, actually find the light bulbs, TWO DAYS LATER  the chair that they dragged from two rooms over to stand on  to change the STUPID light bulb would STILL BE IN THE SAME  SPOT!!  AND UNDERNEATH IT WOULD BE THE CRUMPLED WRAPPER THE  STUPID @*%&$ LIGHT BULBS CAME IN!   WHY?   BECAUSE NO ONE IN THIS HOUSE EVER CARRIES OUT THE GARBAGE!!   IT'S A WONDER WE HAVEN'T ALL SUFFOCATED FROM THE PILES OF GARBAGE THAT ARE 12 FEET DEEP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE.  THE HOUSE!!!   IT WOULD TAKE AN ARMY TO CLEAN THIS........... 
 I'm sorry...what did you ask me?The following ad is reported to have gotten numerous calls:

SINGLE BLACK FEMALE... Seeks male companionship, ethnicity unimportant..
I'm a  svelte good looking girl who LOVES to play. I love long walks in the woods, riding in your pickup truck, hunting, camping, and fishing trips, cozy winter nights lying by the fire. Candlelight dinners will have me eating out of your hand. Rub me the right way and watch me respond.  I'll be at the front door when you get home from work, wearing only what nature gave me.  Kiss me and I'm yours. Call xxx-xxxx and ask for Daisy."
 
 
 
Callers found themselves talking to the local Humane Society about an  eight-week-old black Labrador Retriever.Tonto and the Lone Ranger were lost on the prairie one day. The Lone Ranger says to Tonto, "Use your Indian instincts and get us out of this mess."
Tonto bends down and puts his ear to the ground. He turns and says to the Lone Ranger, "Buffalo come."
The Lone Ranger says to Tonto, "How do you know?"
Tonto says, "Ear sticky."1. Take off clothing and place it in sectioned laundry hamper according to lights and darks.
2. Walk to bathroom wearing long dressing gown. If you see your husband along the way, cover up any exposed flesh and rush to the bathroom. 
3. Look at your womanly physique in the mirror and stick out your gut so that you can complain and whine even more about how you're getting fat. 
4. Get in the shower. Look for facecloth, armcloth, legcloth, long loofah, wide loofah and pumice stone. 
5. Wash your hair once with Cucumber and Lamfrey shampoo with 83 added vitamins. 
6. Wash your hair again with Cucumber and Lamfrey shampoo with 83 added vitamins. 
7. Condition your hair with Cucumber and Lamfrey conditioner enhanced with natural crocus oil. Leave on hair for 15 minutes. 
8. Wash your face with crushed apricot facial scrub for 10 minutes until red and raw. 
9. Wash entire rest of body with Ginger Nut and Jaffa Cake body wash. 
10. Rinse conditioner off hair (take at least 15 minutes as you must make sure that it has all come off). 
11. Shave armpits and legs. Consider shaving bikini area but decide to get it waxed instead. 
12. Scream loudly when your husband flushed the toilet and you lose the water pressure. 
13. Turn off shower. 
14. Squeegee off all wet surfaces in shower. Spray mold spots with Tilex. 
15. Get out of shower. Dry with towel the size of a small African country. Wrap hair in super absorbent second towel. 
16. Check entire body for the remotest sign of a zit. Attack with nails/tweezers if found. 
17. Return to bedroom wearing long dressing gown and towel on head. 
18. If you see your husband along the way, cover up any exposed areas and then rush to bedroom to spend an hour and a half getting dressed.1. Take off clothes while sitting on the edge of the bed and leave them in a pile. 
2. Walk naked to the bathroom. If you see your wife along the way, shake wiener at her making the "woo" sound. 
3. Look at your manly physique in the mirror and suck in your gut to see if you have pecs (no). Admire the size of your wiener in the mirror, scratch 
your "privates" and smell your fingers for one last whiff. 
4. Get in the shower. 
5. Don't bother to look for a washcloth (you don't use one). 
6. Wash your face. 
7. Wash your armpits. 
8. Crack up at how loud your fart sounds in the shower. 
9. Wash your privates and surrounding area. 
10. Wash your butt, leaving hair on the soap bar. 
11. Shampoo your hair (do not use conditioner). 
12. Make a shampoo Mohawk. 
13. Pull back shower curtain and look at yourself in the mirror. 
14. Pee (in the shower). 
15. Rinse off and get out of the shower. Fail to notice water on the floor because you left the curtain hanging out of the tub the whole time. 
16. Partially dry off. 
17. Look at yourself in the mirror, flex muscles. Admire wiener size again. 
18. Leave shower curtain open and wet bath mat on the floor. 
19. Leave bathroom fan and light on. 
20. Return to the bedroom with towel around your waist. If you pass your wife, pull off the towel, grab your wiener, go "Yeah baby" and thrust your pelvis at her.
21. Throw wet towel on the bed. Take 2 minutes to get dressed.1) If you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it will always be yours. If it doesn't come back, it was never yours to begin with. But, if it just sits in your living room, messes up your stuff, eats your food, uses your telephone, takes your money, and doesn't appear to realize that you had set it free....... You either married it or gave birth to it. 

2) Reason to smile: Every 7 minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls a hamstring. 

3) My mind not only wanders, it sometimes leaves completely. 

4) The best way to forget all your troubles is to wear tight shoes. 

5) The nice part about living in a small town: When you don't know what you're doing, someone else always does. 

6) Just when I was getting used to yesterday, today along came today. 

7) Sometimes I think I understand everything, then I regain 
consciousness. 

8) Amazing! You hang something in your closet for a while and it shrinks two sizes! 

9) They keep telling us to get in touch with our bodies. Mine isn't all that communicative but I heard from it the other day  after I said, "Body, how'd you like to go to the six o'clock class in vigorous toning?" 

Clear as a bell my body said, "Listen fatty....do it and die." 

10) I read this article that said the typical symptoms of stress are eating too much, impulse buying, and driving too fast. Are they kidding? That's my idea of a perfect day.Why don't blind people sky dive?

Because it scares the crap outta the dog.What do Constipated Mathematicians do?
Work it out with a pencil.Yo Mama's so ugly not even the tide would take her out.A man visiting a graveyard saw a tombstone that read, "Here lies John Kelly, a lawyer and an honest man."

"Well, how about that!" he exclaimed.  "They've got three people buried in one grave."Overheard in a doctor's waiting room:

"My uncle had a cough like yours and he died.  Mind you, he was hiding under his neighbour's bed at the time."Did you hear about the scientist who crossed a carrier pigeon with a woodpecker?

He got a bird that not only delivers messages to their destination but knocks on the door when it gets there.What did the Zen Buddhist say to the New York hot-dog vendor?

"Make me one with everything."Mother to teenage daughter:

"The bad news is, we're moving to a different city.  The good news is, your new school is full of boys who didn't see you get sick in the cafeteria last month."Pride is what you feel when your kids net $143 from a garage sale.

Panic is what you feel when you realize your car is missing.A priest was walking down the street when he saw a little boy jumping up and down to try to reach a doorbell.  So the priest walked over and pressed the button for the youngster.  "And now what, my little man?" he asked.

"Now," said the boy, "run like hell!"A pastor was giving the children's message during church. For this part of the service, he would gather all the children around him and give a brief lesson before dismissing them for children's church.

On this particular Sunday, he was using squirrels for an object lesson on industry and preparation. He started out by saying, "I'm going to describe something, and I want you to raise your hand when you know what it is." The children nodded eagerly.

"This thing lives in trees (pause) and eats nuts (pause)..." No hands went up. "And it is grey (pause) and has a long bushy tail (pause)..." The children were looking at each other, but still no hands raised. "And it jumps from branch to branch (pause) and chatters and flips its tail when it's excited (pause)..."Finally one little boy tentatively raised his hand. The pastor breathed a sigh of relief and called on him."Well," said the boy, "I KNOW the answer is suposed to be Jesus ...but it sure sounds like a squirrel to me.One Sunday morning, as was his custom, the pastor of a small church had all the children come up front for a brief children's church.  He enjoyed asking the children various questions, and hearing their answers.  On this particular morning, he noticed little Susie feeling a bit shy, so he leans over to her and says, "Susie, that's certainly a lovely dress you're wearing!"  Little Susie then leans over and says right into the pastor's lapel mic, "yes, and my mommy says its a bitch to iron".Two boys are playing football at this park in a small town in South Carolina when one of the boys is suddenly attacked by a crazed Rottweiler. Thinking
quickly, the other boy takes a stick and shoves it under the dog's collar, twists it, and breaks the dog's neck, thus saving his friend.

A sports reporter who was strolling by sees the incident and rushes over to interview the boy. He tells the boy he's going to write the story and says, "I'll title it 'Young Tiger Fan Saves Friend From Vicious Animal.'" "But I'm not a Tiger fan", the little hero replies. "Sorry, since we're in South Carolina, I just assumed you were", says the reporter and
he starts writing again.

He asks, "How does 'Gamecock Fan Rescues Friend From Horrific Attack' sound?"
"I'm not a Gamecock fan either", the boy says.
"Oh, I thought everyone in South Carolina was either for the Tigers or the Gamecocks. "What team do you root for?", the reporter asks.

"I'm just visiting my cousin, I'm a Georgia Bulldog fan", the boy replies, "they're just the best!"
The reporter smiles, starts a new sheet in his notebook and writes: "Little Redneck Bastard From Georgia Kills Beloved Family Pet".HIS and HERS Road Trip 

HERS: 

1. Pulls off at wrong exit. 
2. Opens window 
3. Asks directions of a knowledgeable police officer 
4. Arrives at destination presently. 

HIS: 

1. Pulls off at wrong exit absolutely positive it's the correct one. 
2. Drives five miles into wilderness, still thinks he's right. 
3. Drives an extra 5 miles just in case. 
4. Finally rolls down window 
5. Hocks a loogie 
6. Pulls up to a 7 -11 
7. Gets three hot-dogs, a large slurpee, and beef jerky 
8. Asks person behind counter how to get back onto the highway. 
9. Gets back into car. 
10. Farts 
11. After he closes the door. 
12. Laughs at the idea of looking at a map as he pulls away from the 7-11. 
13. Drives down a dirt road with no street lights insisting this is the way back because guy from 7-11 said it was. 
14. Almost hits a deer 
15. Curses the night 
16. Curses you 
17. Curses the large slurpee 
18. Stops by the side of the road 
19. Takes a leak 
20. Still taking a leak. 
21. Almost done 
22. I think. 
23. Returns to car 
24. Drives and fiddles with radio. 
25. Yells at you for suggesting the map again 
26. Admits he didn't want to go to Thanksgiving at your sister's anyway. 
27. He hates your sister. 
28. Ever since she called him a pernicious weasel 
29. He had to look up pernicious. 
30. Couldn't find a dictionary. 
31. Finally found a dictionary 
32. Couldn't spell pernicious. 
33. Seethes at the memory of it all 
34. But she is laughing inside... 
35. And of course you're still lost.You hear crack is illegal and you pull up your pants.
Someone yells "Hoe Down" at a dance and your wife falls to the floor.
You use newspapers for more than 3 uses in your home.
Your family tree is a wreath.
If your home is mobile but the 4 cars in your yard are not.
Your father gave you this advice, "If you can't keep it in your pants, at least keep it in the family."
The last thing relatives say before they die is, "Hey Ya'll! Watch this!"A drunk stumbles into a confessional.
The priest on the other side hears someone enter but yet the man does not speak.
So the priest knocks on the wall of the confessional and hears the drunk say, "Forget it buddy, theres no toiletpaper in this one either!"TEXAS SALESMAN -

A young guy from Texas moves to California and goes to a big department store looking for a job. The manager says, "Do you have any sales experience?"

The kid says, "Yeah, I was a salesman back home in Texas." The boss liked the kid so he gave him the job." You start tomorrow. I'll come down after we close and see how you did." His first day on the job was rough but he got through it. After the store was locked up, the boss came down. "How many sales did you make today?"

The kid says, "One."

Boss says, "Just one? Our sales people average 20 or 30 sales a day. How much was the sale for?" The kid says "$101,237.64."

Boss says "$101,237.64? What the heck did you sell?"

The kid says, "First I sold him a small fish hook; then I sold him a medium fish hook. Then I sold him a larger fish hook; then I sold him a new fishing rod. Then I asked him where he was going fishing and he said down at the coast, so I told him he was gonna need a boat, so we went down to the boat department and I sold him that twin engine Chris Craft. Then he said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down to the automotive department and sold him that 4X4 Blazer."

The boss said, "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a boat and truck?"

The kid says, "No, he came in here to buy a box of tampons for his wife and I said, "Well, your weekend's shot, you might as well go fishing.""For Gods sakes Bill! Help her find it!." ~Hillary after walking in with Monica on her hands and knees in front of BillTwo cowboys from Arkansas walk into a roadhouse to wash the trail dust from their throats. They stand at the bar, drinking their beers and talking quietly about cattle prices.

Suddenly a woman at a table behind them who had been eating a sandwich begins to cough. After few moments it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. The cowboys turn to look at her.

"Kin yah swallow? Asked one of the cowboys. The woman shakes her head, "No." "Kin yah breathe?" asked the other cowboy. The woman, beginning to turn a bit blue, shakes her head, "NO" again.

The first cowboy walks over to her, lifts up the back of her skirt, yanks down her panties, and slowly runs
his tongue from the back of her thigh up to the small of her back. This shocks the woman to a violent spasm, the
obstruction flies out of her mouth, and she begins to breathe again.

The cowboy walks back over to the bar and takes a drink of his beer. His partner says, "Ya know, I'd heard of that there Hind Lick Maneuver, but I ain't never seen nobody do it.A guy took his blonde girlfriend to a football game
for the first time.
After the game he asked his girlfriend how she liked
the game. "Oh, I really liked it," she said, "but I
just couldn't understand why they were killing each
other for 25 cents."
What on earth do you mean???"
Well, I saw them flip a coin and one team got it and
then for the rest of the game all they kept screaming
was: "Get the quarter back! Get the quarter back!"A young child walks into a corner store and picks up a big box of laundry detergent.
The storekeep trying to be friendly says, "Got a lot of laundry to do?"
The boy says, "Haha no. I'm actually going to go wash my dog with it."
The storekeep says, "Son, that stuff is very powerful. If you use it to wash your dog the dog might become sick or even die!"
The boy replies, "Don't worry, he'll be fine."
And the boy leaves. The next day the boy returns to buy some candy.
The storekeep asks the boy about his dog and how the washing went.
The boy replies sadly, "He died..."
The storekeep says as gently as he can, "I'm sorry son. But I warned you this might happen if you wash the dog with detergent."
The boy replies, "I don't think it was the laundry detergent that killed him. I think it was the spin cycle."A man asked people for fifty-thousand dollars for his talking dog. He brings him into the bar, but the bartender doesn't believe the dog can talk so the guy asks the dog, "What's the opposite of smooth?" 

The dog says, "Rough." 

And then the guy asks the dog, "What's the part of the house that has the chimney sticking out of it?"

"Roof." 

"And who was the great homerun hitter in the twenties and thirties?" 

"Ruth!" 

The bartender says, "You big fake, get that dog out of here." So the guy and his dog go outside.  Then the dog says, "What was I supposed to say? Mel Ott?""Excuse me, Sir."
 
"Is that you again, Moses?"

 "I'm afraid it is, Sir."

 "What is it this time, Moses; more computer problems?"

 "How did you guess?"

 "I don't have to guess, Moses. Remember?"

 "Oh, yes; I forgot."

 "Tell me what you want, Moses."

 "But you already know, Sir. Remember?"

 "Moses!"

 "Sorry, Sir."

 "Well, go ahead, Moses; spit it out."

 "Well, I have a question, Sir. You know those ten 'things' you sent me via e-mail?"

 "You mean the Ten Commandments, Moses?"

 "That's it. I was wondering if they are important."

 "What do you mean 'if they are important', Moses? Of course, they are important. Otherwise, I would not have sent them to you."

 "Well - sorry, Sir, but I lost them. I could say the dog ate them; but, of course, you would see right through that."

 "What do you mean you 'lost them'? Are you trying to tell me you didn't save them, Moses?"

 "No, Sir; I forgot."

 "You should always save, Moses."

 "Yes, I know. You told me that before. I was going to save them, but I forgot. I did forward them to some people before I lost them though."

 "And did you hear back from any of them?"

 "You already know I did. There was the one guy who said he never uses 'shalt not.' May he change the words a little bit?"

 "Yes, Moses, as long as he does not change the meaning."

 "And what about the guy who thought your stance was a little harsh, and recommended calling them the 'Ten Suggestions,' or letting people pick one or two to try for a while?"

 "Moses, I will act as if I did not hear that."

 "I think that means 'no.' Well, what about the guy who said I was scamming him?"

"I think the term is 'spamming,' Moses."

 "Oh, yes. I e-mailed him back and told him I don't even eat that stuff,and I have no idea how you can send it to someone through a computer."

 "And what did he say?"

 "You know what he said. He used Your name in vain. You don't think he might have sent me one of those - err - plagues, and that's the reason I lost those ten 'things', do you?"

 "They are not plagues; they are called 'viruses,' Moses."

 "Whatever! This computer stuff is just too much for me. Can we go back to those stone tablets? It was hard on my back taking them out and reading them each day, but at least I never lost them."

 "We will do it the new way, Moses; using computers"

 "I was afraid you would say that, Sir."

 "Moses, what did I tell you to do if you messed up?"

 "You told me to hold up this rat and point it toward the computer."

 "It's a mouse, Moses, not a rat. Mouse! Mouse! And did you do that?"

 "No, I decided to try calling technical support first. After all, who knows more about this stuff than you? And I really like your hours. By the way, Sir, did Noah have two of these mice on the ark?"

 "No, Moses."

 "One other thing. Why did you not name them 'frogs' instead of 'mice,'  because did you not tell me the thing they sit on is a pad?"

 "I did not name them, Moses. Man did, and you can call yours a frog if you want to."

 "Oh, that explains it. I bet some woman told Adam to call it a mouse. After all, was it not a woman who named one of the computers 'Apple?'"

 "Say good night, Moses."

 "Wait a minute, Sir. I am pointing the mouse, and it seems to be working. Yes, a couple of the ten 'things' have come back."

 "Which ones are they, Moses?"

 "Let me see. 'Thou shalt not steal from any grave an image' and 'Thou shalt not uncover thy neighbor's wife.'"

 "Turn the computer off, Moses. I'm sending you another set of stone tablets."How many men does it take to change a roll of
toilet paper?

We don't know, it has never happened.2 old ladies are at the bus stop waiting for a bus when it starts to rain. Not wanting to lose her cigarette, one of the old ladies took a condom and a pair of scissors out of her purse, snipped off the end of the condom and slid it over her cigarette.
The 2nd lady noticed this and thought it was a brilliant idea, so the next day she goes to the pharmacy and asks for a pack of condoms.
The man says, "Sure, what size would you like?"
The woman, thinking about her cigarettes, says, "One that will fit a Camel."Seeing her son is still in bed, Mary goes to wake him up for school. When she wakes him up he says, "But I don't want to go to school mom."
Mary quite annoyed at this childlike behaviour says, "Well why not? You have to go."
The son replies, "But I don't like it. The kids are mean to me, the teachers hate me, and everyone makes fun of me."
Mary calmly replies, "I'm sorry son. But you MUST go to school!."
The son says, "But whyyyy?"
Mary annoyed at the delay says, "Because you're the damn principal!"With the daily time taken working on computers, avoiding things like RSI and any strain related illnesses is crucial to maintaining a healthy working environment. The following excercise has been devised by medical experts in the field of RSI research to ensure that if performed, will place the exerciser in a position of minimal risk. Simply follow the on-screen instructions.

Scroll down.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Scroll UpA man is lying in bed in a hospital with an oxygen mask over his mouth. A young auxiliary nurse appears to sponge his face and hands.

"Nurse," he mumbles from behind the mask, "Are my testicles black?"

Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, I'm only here to wash your face and hands."

He struggles again to ask, "Nurse, are my testicles black?"

Again the nurse replies, "I can't tell. I'm only here to wash your face and hands."

The ward sister was passing and saw the man getting a little distraught so marched over to inquire what was wrong.

"Sister," he mumbled, "Are my testicles black?"

Being a nurse of longstanding, the sister was undaunted. She whipped back the bedclothes, pulled down his pajama trousers, moved his penis out of
the way, had a right good look, pulled up the pajamas, replaced the bedclothes and announced, "Nothing wrong with them!!!"

At this the man pulled off his oxygen mask and asked again, "Are my test results back???"A very shy guy goes into a bar and sees a beautiful woman sitting at the bar. After an hour of gathering up his courage he finally goes over to her and asks, tentatively, "Um, would you mind if I chatted with you for a while?" 
She responds by yelling, at the top of her lungs, "No, I won't sleep with you tonight!" Everyone in the bar is now staring at them. 
Naturally, the guy is hopelessly and completely embarrassed and he slinks back to his table. 
After a few minutes, the woman walks over to him and apologizes. She smiles at him and says, "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. You see, I'm a graduate student in psychology and I'm studying how people respond to embarrassing situations."
To which he responds, at the top of his lungs, "What do you mean, $200?"What's the definition of Endless Love?

Stevie Wonder playing Ray Charles at Tennis!

Endless Love!The eight Saddam body doubles are gathered in one of the bunkers in downtown Baghdad. Tariq Aziz, the deputy prime minister, comes in and says, 'I have some good news and some bad news.' They ask for the good news first.

Aziz says, 'The good news is that Saddam is still alive, so you all still have jobs.'

'And the bad news?' they ask.

Aziz replies, 'He's lost an arm'.A man has just been in a car accident and has severe brain damage. So his sister is called in to take care of his medical decisions. First off, the doctor decides the man needs a new brain since his is so badly damaged. So they need to go find a brain for the transplant.
They go down to the basement where all the brains are and there are 3 jars.
The doctor points to the first jar and says, "That brain belonged to a woman. It will cost your brother $20 a gram."
The doctor then points to the second jar, "That will cost you $40 a gram. It once belonged to one of our female doctors and she was quite a brilliant person."
The doctor then points to the third jar and says, "That is a brain that once belonged to a man. It costs $200 a gram."
The sister replies, "Why is the male brain so much more expensive?"
The doctor replies, "Are you joking!? Do you know how hard it is to find a gram of a male's brain??"A highway patrolman pulled up alongside a speeding car on the freeway. As the officer peered through the driver's window, he was astounded to find that the blonde behind the wheel was knitting. The trooper cranked down his window and yelled to the driver, "Pull over!" at the top of his lungs. "No!" the blonde yelled back, "Scarf!"A man hadn't been feeling well, so he went to his doctor for a complete check-up. Afterward, the doctor came out with the results. "I'm afraid I have some very bad news," the doctor said, "you're dying, and you don't have much time left." 

"Oh, that's terrible!" said the man. "How long have I got?" 

"Ten," the doctor said sadly. "Ten?" the man asks. "Ten what? Months? Weeks? What?!" 

The doctor interrupted, "Nine..."A guy walks into a post office one day to see a middle-aged, balding man standing at the counter methodically placing "Love" stamps on bright pink envelopes with hearts all over them. He then takes out a perfume bottle and starts spraying scent all over them.

His curiosity getting the better of him, he goes up to the balding man and asks him what he is doing. The man says "I'm sending out 1,000 Valentine cards signed, 'Guess who?'" "But why?" asks the man. "I'm a divorce lawyer," the man replies.A doctor vacationing on the Riviera met an old lawyer friend and asked him what he was doing there. The lawyer replied, "Remember that lousy real estate I bought? Well, it caught fire, so here I am with the fire insurance proceeds. What are you doing here?" The doctor replied, "Remember that lousy real estate I had in Mississippi? Well, the river overflowed, and here I am with the flood insurance proceeds." The lawyer looked puzzled. "Gee," he asked, "how did you start the flood?"A guy phones a law firm and says, "I want to speak to my lawyer." The receptionist says, "I'm sorry, but your lawyer died last week." The next day the same guy phones the law firm and says, "I want to speak to my lawyer." Once again the receptionist replies, "I'm sorry, but your lawyer died last week."

The next day the guy makes his regular call to the law firm and says, "I want to speak to my lawyer." "Excuse me sir," the receptionist says, "but this is third time I've had to tell you that your lawyer died last week. Why do you keep calling?" The guy replies, "Because I love hearing it!"A Marine was coming home from the Pentagon one day. He noticed that there was a lot more traffic than normal. As he got further up the road all of the traffic had come to a halt. He saw a policeman coming towards his car, so he asked the cop what was wrong. The cop said, "Man we are in a crisis situation. Mr. Clinton is in the road very upset. He does not have the $33.5 million that he owes his lawyers, and his family hates him. He is threatening to douse himself in gasoline and start a fire." The marine asked the cop exactly what he was doing there. The cop said, "I feel sorry for the president so I am going car to car asking for donations." The marine asked, "How much do you have so far?" The cop replied, "Well as of right now only 33 gallons, but many people are still siphoning as we speak!"One Sunday morning, the priest noticed Little Johnny was staring up at the large plaque that hung in the foyer of the church. It was covered with names, and small American flags were mounted on either side of it. The seven-year old had been staring at the plaque for some time, so the priest walked up, stood beside the boy, and said quietly, "Good morning, Little Johnny."

"Good morning, Father," replied the young man, still focused on the plaque. "Father Scott, what is this?" Little Johnny asked. "Well, son, it's a memorial to all the young men and women who died in the service." Soberly, they stood together, staring at the large plaque. Little Johnny's voice was barely audible when he asked, "Which service, the 9:45 or the 11:15?""Squawks" are problem listings that pilots generally leave for maintenance crews to fix before the next flight. Here are some squawks submitted by US Air Force pilots and the replies from the maintenance crews.

(P) = Problem (S) = Solution

(P) Left inside main tire almost needs replacement
(S) Almost replaced left inside main tire

(P) Test flight OK, except autoland very rough
(S) Autoland not installed on this aircraft

(P) #2 Propeller seeping prop fluid
(S) #2 Propeller seepage normal - #1 #3 and #4 propellers lack normal seepage

(P) Something loose in cockpit
(S) Something tightened in cockpit

(P) Evidence of leak on right main landing gear
(S) Evidence removed

(P) DME volume unbelievably loud
(S) Volume set to more believable level

(P) Dead bugs on windshield
(S) Live bugs on order

(P) Autopilot in altitude hold mode produces a 200 fpm descent
(S) Cannot reproduce problem on ground

(P) IFF inoperative
(S) IFF always inoperative in OFF mode (IFF-Identification Friend or Foe)

(P) Friction locks cause throttle levers to stick
(S) That's what they're there for

(P) Number three engine missing
(S) Engine found on right wing after brief search

(P) Aircraft handles funny
(S) Aircraft warned to straighten up, "fly right" and be serious

(P) Target Radar hums
(S) Reprogrammed Target Radar with the lyricsA rich lonely widow decided that she needed another man in her life so she placed an ad, which read this: 

RICH WIDOW LOOKING FOR MAN TO SHARE LIFE AND FORTUNE ...NEEDS TO HAVE THESE QUALIFICATIONS: 
1) WON'T BEAT ME UP 
2) WON'T RUN AWAY 
3) HAS TO BE GREAT IN BED 

For several months, her phone rang off the hook, her doorbell was ringing constantly, she received tons of mail, etc., all to no avail: none seemed to match her qualifications. 
Then one day the doorbell rang yet again. She opened the door to find a man with no arms and no legs lying on the welcome mat. 
Perplexed, she asked, "Who are you? And what do you want?" 
"Hi," he said, "your search is over, for I'm the man of your dreams. I've got no arms so I can't beat you up and no legs so I can't run away." 
"Well, then," she said, "what makes you think that you're so great in bed?" 
To which he replied - "Well, I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"A blond, a brunette, and a redhead were trying out for a new NASA experiment on sending women to different planets. First, they called the brunette in and asked her a question. 
"If you could go to any planet, what planet would you want to go to and why?" 
After pondering the question she answered, "I would like to go to Mars because it seems so interesting with all the recent news about possible extra terrestrial life on the planet." 
They said, "Well okay, thank you." And told her that they would get back to her. 
Next, the redhead entered the room and the NASA people asked her the same question. In reply, "I would like to go to Saturn to see all of its rings." Again, "Thank you," and they would get back to her. 
Finally, the blond entered the room and they asked her the same question they asked the brunette and the redhead. She thought for a while and replied, "I would like to go to the sun." 
The people from NASA replied, "Why, don't you know that if you went to the sun you would burn to death?" 
The blond smirked and put her hands on her hips. "Are you guys dumb? I'd go at night!"Yo mama's so fat when she steps on a scale, it reads "one at a time, please"!Contrary to popular opinion, life is NOT a bi**h.

Life is a virgin.

A bi**h would be easy.What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?

You can't hear an enzyme!A decrepit old gas man named Peter
While hunting around for the meter
His torch he did light
He arose out of sight
And, of course, as a result, he totally, completely and utterly destroyed the meter!A man and a woman are having an affair.

 One day, the woman's husband comes home early from work.  To avoid being caught, the cheating man runs over to hide in the closet.  As he closes the door he hears a little voice say, "It's dark in here."  This startles the man, and he looks down to see the woman's son.  He then asks, "You're not going to say anything, right kid?"  The boy says, "You know, I could really use a new baseball glove,"  to which the man replies, "Ok, ok here's $25 if you keep quiet."  "You got a deal mister," the boy says, and he leaves the closet.

The next week, the woman's husband comes home again.  As the cheater goes into a closet, he hears a voice say, "It's dark in here".  The man says "What are you doing in here again kid?"  The boy tells him, "I could really use a new baseball bat," and the man grumbles, "Yeah , ok, here's $50, now leave me alone."

After a few weeks of getting a new glove, bat, ball, and uniform, the boy feels guilty, so he goes to church to confess.  He enters the confessional and sits down, saying, "It's dark in here."  The priest next to him says, "Now don't start that shit again!"Q: Where do cows go on Saturday nights? 
A:  To the mooviesIt's a little known fact that William Tell and his son were avid bowlers as well as archery buffs.  Unfortunately, all the league records were destroyed in a fire, so it may never be known for whom the Tells bowled.I recently went to my  30th class reunion from nursery school.  I didn't want to go because I've put on maybe 90 or 100 pounds since then.A wealthy man came home from a gambling trip and told his wife that he had lost their entire fortune and that they'd have to drastically alter their life-style.  "If you'll just learn to cook," he said,  "we can fire the chef."

"Okay," she said.  "And if you learn how to make love, we can fire the gardener."A bear goes into a bar and orders a beer.
The bartender replies, "Sorry we dont serve bears here."
The bear, upset, says angrily, "Gimme a beer or I'll eat that lady over there!"
The bartender says, "Go ahead, I don't care."
The bear goes and savagely mauls the woman then eats her in front of the bartender.
The bear goes and says, "Now give me a beer or I'll eat someone else."
The bartender says, "I'm sorry we don't serve bears on drugs in here."
The bear goes, "What? I'm not on drugs!"
The bartender says, "What about the barbituate?"A blonde was walking past a schoolyard during recess when she saw a young girl standing all alone on one end of the soccer field, while the other children all played a game of soccer. Feeling sorry for the poor child, she went up to the girl and made small talk.
She asked the little girl if she was OK.
The little girl replied she was fine.
The blonde then said, "Why don't you go play with the other children?"
The little girl replied, "I already am."
The blonde, a bit annoyed said, "What do you mean, you already am?"
The girl replied, "I am playing."
The blonde, thinking the girl was lying so she wouldnt be embarassed, said, "Wanna be friends?"
The girl hesitated, then reluctantly said Sure.
The blonde, feeling she made progress, says, "Would you like to go play in the sandbox?"
The girl replies, "Sure... after I'm done playing soccer. I'm the goalie."Why can't you trust a blonde to call for an ambulance?

She can't find the 11 to call 911.Yo Momma is so bald when she wears a turtleneck she looks like a broken condom.Yo Momma so fat when she stepped on my dog's tail I had to change his name to "Beaver."A blonde was out shopping in Lousiana when she saw a beautiful pair of shoes made from genuine alligator skin. She goes into the store and asks the price. The shopkeeper says, "$1000"
The blonde not having that kind of money tried to haggle with the store's owner, until the owner finally got fed up and threw her out of his store.
The blonde furious yells at the store owner, "FINE! KEEP YOUR DAMN SHOES! I'LL GO HUNT MY OWN ALLIGATOR AND THEN GET MY OWN SHOES FOR A FAIR PRICE!!!!"
Driving home the store owner sees the blonde in a local swamp, up to her waist in the muddy waters holding a double-barrel shotgun. Just then he sees the blonde take aim at a nearby alligator taking a nap and shoots it straight in the gut. With great effort he watches her drag the alligator to the shore, where to his suprise, a half dozen more alligators all lay dead. He then sees the blonde flip the alligator over onto his back. Then watching, he sees the blondes face turn a deep red and hears her yell, "DAMMIT! THIS ALLIGATOR ISNT WEARING ANY SHOES EITHER!"Why did the blonde call the welfare office?

She wanted to know how you cook food stamps.A smart blonde (no, that's not the joke) goes into a bank in New York and asks if she can take out a loan of $1000. The banker, not trusting the woman, asks her for collateral. The woman decides she'll give the man her brand new BMW for collateral until she can pay the man back. The banker, thinking that she's such a dumb blonde she's willing to put a car worth a ton of money up for a measly $1000, jumps on the deal, so he takes the car and gives her the money.
2 months later, the blonde comes back with a briefcase and opens it up before the banker. Inside is the $1000 neatly placed inside. The banker is amazed but responds, "Um, you forgot the interest. It'll be $50."
The blonde quietly takes out her purse and pulls out a crisp new $50 bill. The teller also caught a quick glance at the inside of her purse and noticed numerous amounts of $50s, $100s and even a $1000 bill.
The banker replies, "Wow, did that $1000 dollars I lent you help you make all that?"
The woman replies, "No, sir. I've always had this much money. I'm extremely wealthy."
The banker says, "Well, now I understand how you could afford the BMW, but if you're so wealthy how come you borrowed $1000?"
The blonde replies, "Well, where else could I find parking in New York for my car for only $50 for 2 months?"The amount of sleep required by the average person is about five minutes more.They say one way to build character is to do things you don't want to do.

Every day I do two things I don't want to do: I get out of bed in the morning and go to bed at night!Money is not the most important thing in the world.  Love is.

Fortunately, I love money.

-- Jackie MasonThe perfect climate is in bed.Q: What do you call an oxymoron?

A: A smart blonde!Wanna hear a dirty joke? A boy fell in a mud puddle.A doctor came to a sanitarium to check up on the patients. He sees that everybody is walking around with an empty leash. So he asks a few patients what they are doing.

They all answered that they are taking their dog out on a walk. Only one of the patients said "What are you, blind? I'm holding an empty leash!" 

So the doctor says "Very good, I see you are not as crazy as everyone else." 

When the doctor leaves, the patient says, "Did you see how we fooled him, Sparky?!"A doctor goes into a sanitarium one day to check up on the patients. He sees they are all lined up with bathing suits on, jumping into the air and landing hard on the floor. 

He asks them what they are doing, and they all answer "We're diving into the pool". 

Only one of them sits aside watching them. "I see you're not diving into the pool" the doctor says. The patient replies "I'm the lifeguard."What do you get when you breed a blonde and a New York gangster?

A juvenile deliquent who spray paints chain link fences.A large woman, wearing a sleeveless sun dress, walked into a bar in London. 

She raised her right arm, revealing a huge, hairy armpit as she  pointed to all the people sitting at the bar and asked,

"What man here will buy a lady a drink?" 

The bar went silent as the patrons tried to ignore her. But down at the end of the bar, an owly-eyed drunk slammed his hand down on the counter and  bellowed,

"Give the Ballerina a drink!" 

The bartender poured the drink and the woman chugged it down in one. She turned to the patrons and again pointed around at all of them, revealing the same hairy armpit, and asked, 

"What man here will buy a lady a drink?" 

Once again, the same little drunk slapped his money down on the bar and boomed, 

"Give the Ballerina another drink!" 

The bartender approached the little drunk and said, "I say, old  chap, it's your business if you want to buy the lady a drink, but why do you keep calling her the Ballerina?'" 

"As far as I'm concerned," the drunk replied, 

"Any woman who can  lift her leg that high has got to be a Ballerina!"A woman pregnant with triplets was walking down the street when a masked robber runs out and shoots her three times in the stomach.  Luckily the babies are okay and the surgeon decides to leave the bullets where they are as it is too risky to operate. 

All is fine for 16 years and then one daughter walks into the room in tears. "What's wrong," asks the mother.

"Well, mum, I was having a wee and this bullet came out," replies the daughter. The mother tells her it is okay and explains what happened 16 years before.

About a week later the second daughter walks into the room in tears.
"Mum, I was having a wee and this bullet came out." The mother tells her what happened 16 years before and tells her not to worry.

Another week passes by and the son walks into the room in tears.
"It's okay," says the mother, "I know what has happened, you were having a wee and a bullet came out."
"No," says the boy, "I was having a w*nk and I've shot the dog...."A poor Jamaican fisherman was shipwrecked on a desert island. He had
lost his boat, his livelihood and possessions. He was trudging round the
island in a dejected mood when he came across an old brass lamp washed up on
the beach. Remembering the tale of Aladdin (and the role of magic lamps in jokes) he rubbed it.

 POOF!

A Genie appeared. A Jewish Genie. "Vey!" he said. "Am I glad to be outta
 there. Three hundred years I bin in that thing, my life and soul! What can I do for you my boy?"

The Jamaican asked if the Genie granted wishes. "Wishes, Schmishes!
Course I do. I'll grant you two wishes, used to be three but I gotta think
about my margins."
"Well," said the Jamaican after some consideration "I'd like to be white
and surrounded by women."
 "No problem" said the Genie.

POOF! - the Jamaican was transformed into a tampon.

 Moral: Never do business with a Jewish Genie - there's always a string attachedCLASSIC QUOTE: A quote from Sky News

"Umm Qasr is a city similar to Southampton," UK defence minister Geoff Hoon said in the Commons yesterday.

"He's either never been to Southampton, or he's never been to Umm Qasr," says a British squaddie patrolling Umm Qasr.

Another soldier added: "There's no beer, no prostitutes and people are shooting at us. It's more like Portsmouth."A young man named John received a parrot as a gift. Problem was, the parrot had a bad attitude and an even worse vocabulary. Every word out of the bird's mouth was  rude, obnoxious, and laced with profanity. John tried and tried to change the bird's attitude by consistently saying only polite words, playing soft music and anything else he could think of to "clean up" the bird's vocabulary, but to no avail.

Finally, John was fed up and he yelled at the parrot. The parrot yelled back. John shook the parrot and the parrot got angrier and even more rude In desperation, John threw up his hands, grabbed the bird and put him in the freezer. For a few minutes the parrot squawked and kicked and screamed.

Then suddenly, there was total quiet. Not a peep was heard for over a minute.

Fearing that he'd killed the parrot, John quickly opened the door to the freezer. The parrot calmly stepped out onto John's outstretched arm
and said, "I believe I may have offended you with my rude language and actions. I am sincerely remorseful for my inappropriate transgressions and I fully intend to do everything I can to correct my rude and unforgivable behavior."

John was stunned at the change in the bird's attitude. As he was about to ask the parrot what had made such a dramatic change in his behavior, the bird continued.

"May I ask what the chicken did?"Microsoft Vs. General Motors
  
  
At a recent computer expo (COMDEX), Bill Gates reportedly compared the computer industry with the auto industry and stated,
 "If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would the be driving $25.00 cars that got 1,000 miles to the gallon."
  
   In response to Bill's comments, General Motors issued a press release
stating: If GM had developed technology like Microsoft, we would all be driving cars with the following characteristics:
  
   1. For no reason whatsoever, your car would crash twice a day.
  
   2. Every time they repainted the lines on the road, you would have to buy a new car.
  
   3. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason. You would have to pull over to the side of the road, close all of the windows, shut
off the car, restart it, and reopen the windows before you could continue.
For some reason you would simply accept this.
  
   4. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn, would cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart, in which case you would have to reinstall the engine.
  
   5. Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast and twice as easy to drive-but would run on only five percent of the roads.
  
   6. The oil, water temperature, and alternator warning lights would all be replaced by a single "This Car Has Performed An Illegal Operation" warning light.
  
   7. The airbag system would ask, "Are you sure?", before deploying.
  
   8. Occasionally, for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock you out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the door handle, turned the key, and grabbed hold of the radio antenna.
  
   9. Every time a new car was introduced, car buyers would have to learn how to drive all over again, because none of the controls would operate in the same manner as the old car.
  
   10. You'd have to press the "Start" button to turn the engine off.A married couple are driving along when they see a wounded skunk on the side of the road. They stop, the wife gets out, picks it up, and brings it into the car. She says, "Look, it's shivering, it must be cold. What should I do?"
Her husband replies, "Put it between your legs to keep it warm."
She asks,
"What about the smell?"
 He says, "Hold its nose."A guy with a black eye boards his plane and sits down in his seat. He notices immediately that the guy next to him has a black eye, too. He says to him,
 "Hey this is a coincidence, we both have black eyes; mind if I ask how you got yours?"
The other guy says, "Well, it just happened. It was a tongue twister accident. See, I was at the ticket counter and this gorgeous blonde with the most massive breasts in the world was there. So, instead of saying, I'd like two tickets to Pittsburgh,' I accidentally said, I'd like two pickets to Tittsburgh'........... So she socked me a good one.
  
The first guy replied, "Wow! This is unbelievable. Mine was a tongue twister too. I was at the breakfast table this morning and I wanted to say to my wife, 'Please pour me a bowl of Frosties, honey.'
But I accidentally said,
  
'You ruined my life you evil fat slag.'"A man and a woman who have never met before find themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train. After the initial embarrassment, they both manage to get to sleep, the woman on the top bunk, the man on the lower.
In the middle of the night, the woman leans over and says, "I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly
pass me another blanket."
The man leans out and, with a glint in his eye, says, "I've got a better idea.....let's pretend we're married."
"Why not?" giggles the woman.
"Good," he replies. "Get your own f***ing blanket."A woman walked into the kitchen to find her husband stalking around
with a fly swatter. "What are you doing?" She asked.
"Hunting Flies" He responded.
"Oh!, Killing any?" She asked.
"Yep, 3 males, 2 Females", he replied.
Intrigued, she asked. "How can you tell?"
"3 were on a beer can, 2 were on the phone."When I take a long time, I am slow.
When my boss takes a long time, he is thorough.

When I don't do it, I am lazy.
When my boss doesn't do it, he's too busy.

When I do it without being told, I'm trying to be smart.
When my boss does the same, that is initiative.

When I please my boss, that's brown-nosing.
When my boss pleases his boss, that's co-operating.

When I do good, my boss never remembers.
When I do wrong, he never forgets.A linguistics professor was lecturing to his English class one day. "In English," he said, "A double negative forms a positive. In some languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative is still a negative. However, there is no language wherein a double positive can form a negative."

A voice from the back of the room piped up, "Yeah, right."When the waitress in a New York City restaurant brought him the soup du jour, the Englishman was a bit dismayed. "Good heavens," he said, "what is this?"

"Why, it's bean soup," she replied.

"I don't care what it has been," he sputtered. "What is it now?"Yo mama so skinny she had to run arround the shower to get wet.To make a long story short, well, it helps if the boss walks in!I put a blank tape in my TV and turned the volume all the way up. The mime next door went crazy and called the cops.Grow some dope... plant a man.A really really drunk man stumbled out of a local bar and right into the nun. Quickly the man punched the nun right in the face. Stunned the nun tried to run away, but the drunk just ran after her and pushed her to the ground. The drunk then proceeded to kick the nun repeatedly until the nun was begging for mercy.
The drunk leans down and looks at the nun and says, "Not so tough now, eh Batman?"Two robins were sitting in a tree. 

"I'm really hungry," said the first one.  "Let's fly down and find some lunch." 

They flew down to the ground and found a nice plot of newly plowed ground that was full of worms.  They ate and ate and ate till they could eat no more. 

"I'm so full, I don't think I can fly back up into the tree," said the first one. 

"Let's just lay back here and bask in the warm sun," said the second. 

"OK," said the first. 

So they plopped down, basking in the sun. No sooner than they had fallen asleep, when a big fat tomcat came by and gobbled them up. 

As the cat sat washing his face after his meal, 
he thought... 

 
"I JUST LOVE BASKIN ROBINS!"Bill and Hillary are at the first baseball game of the season. The umpire walks up to the VIP section and yells something, suddenly Clinton grabs Hillary by the collar and throws her over the side and onto the field. The stunned umpired shouts. 

"No, Mr. President! I said, 'Throw the first PITCH!'"An 8-year-old girl went to her dad, who was working in the yard. She asked him, "Daddy, what is sex?" The father was surprised that she would ask such a question, but decides that if she is old enough to ask the question, then she is old enough to get a straight answer.

He proceeded to tell her all about the "birds and the bees." When he finished explaining, the little girl was looking at him with her mouth hanging open. The father asked her, "Why did you ask this question?" The little girl replied, "Mom told me to tell you that dinner would be ready in just a couple of secs."Reaching the end of a job interview, the interviewer asked a young engineer, "What starting salary were you thinking about?"

The Engineer said, "In the neighborhood of $125,000 a year, depending on the benefits package." 

The interviewer said, "Well, what would you say to a package of 5 weeks vacation, 14 paid holidays, full medical and dental, company matching retirement fund to 50% of salary, and a company car leased every 2 years - say, a red Corvette?" 

The Engineer sat up straight and said, "Wow! Are you kidding?" 

The interviewer replied, "Yeah, but you started it."Two Vampire bats are in a cave, both very hungry.  The first bat goes out looking for some food. He comes back later with nothing.
 
The second bat tries not long afterwords. 5 minutes later he returns, blood all over his face!

"Wow!" said the first bat "You must've had a big meal, where did you get that?"

"Well, can you see that large redwood over there?"

"Yes" replies the first bat.

"Well I bloody well didn't."Three sons left home, went out on their own and prospered. Getting together for Christmas, they discussed the gifts they were able to give their elderly mother. 
The first said, "I built a big house for our mother." 
The second said, "I sent her a Mercedes." 
The third smiled and said, "I've got you both beat. You remember how mom enjoyed reading the Bible? And you know she can't see very well. So I sent her a remarkable parrot that recites the entire Bible. It took elders in the church 12 years to teach him. He's one of a kind. Mom just has to name the chapter and verse, and the parrot recites it." 
Soon thereafter, mom sent out her letters of thanks: 
"Dear Milton," she wrote one son, "The house you built is too huge. I live in only one room, but I have to keep the whole house clean!" 
"Dear Gerald," she wrote to another, "I am too old to travel. I stay at home most of the time, so I rarely use the Mercedes." 
"Dearest Donald," she wrote to her third son, "You have the good sense to know what your Mother likes. 
The chicken was Dee-licious!"alarm clock, n. a device for waking up people who don't have small childrenPenguins mate for life.

This is not surprising, as they all look the same.  It's not like they have to wait and wonder if someone better will come along!The captain of a ship hears his first mate calling from above deck, "captain, there is a pirate ship off the starboard side!"  The captain takes the looking glass, sees the ship, and tells the first mate, "ready the cannons and swords, prepare the men for battle, and bring me my red shirt". "Aye, aye captain," says the first mate, and carrys out the orders.  

The men fight bravely, and after a long battle, defeat the pirates.  The first mate asks the captain, "Well done sir, but why did you need the red shirt?" to which the captain replied "if I was wounded, I didn't want the men to see the blood and become disheartened, and so, lose the battle". 

The next day, the captain hears his first mate calling from above deck "captain, there are ten pirate ships off the starboard side!"  The captain takes the looking glass, sees the ships, and tells the first mate, "ready the cannons and swords, prepare the men for battle, and bring me my brown pants".Eve, in the Garden of Eden, called out, "Lord, I have a problem."  And the Lord said,  "What's the matter, Eve?"

"I know You created me and this beautiful garden.  But I'm lonely - and I'm sick of eating apples."

"Well, in that case," replied the Almighty, "I'll create a man for you."

"What's a man?"

"He's a flawed creature with aggressive tendencies, an enormous ego and an inability to listen.  But he's big and fast and muscular.  He'll be really good at fighting and kicking a ball and hunting animals."

"Sounds great!" replied Eve.

"There's one condition," added the Lord.  "You'll have to let him believe that I made him first."Did you hear about the director of the Department of Motor Vehicles who resigned on Tuesday?  He tried to resign on Monday, but discovered he'd been standing in the wrong line.Did you hear about the scientists who crossed a porcupine with a sheep?  They got an animal that knits its own sweaters.The assistant curator of the musuem came to the head curator with a couple of problems.  "Sir, the mummy is damp and getting mouldy.  And the white mouse in the maze exhibit has developed dry skin."

The head curator thought for a minute, then advised, "Put your mummy where your mouse is."(From a machine at a college dorm:)
A is for academics, B is for beer. One of those reasons is why we're not here. So leave a message.

Hi. This is John:
If you are the phone company, I already sent the money.
If  you  are  my parents, please send money.
If you are my financial aid institution, you didn't lend me enough money.
If you are my friends, you owe me money.
If  you are a female, don't worry, I have plenty of money.

(Narrator's voice:) There Dale sits, reading a magazine. Suddenly the telephone rings! The bathroom explodes into a veritable maelstrom of toilet paper, with Dale in the middle of it, his arms wind milling at incredible speeds! Will he make it
in time? Alas no, his valiant effort is in vain. The bell hath sounded. Thou must leave a message.

"Hi. Now you say something."

"Hi, I'm not home right now but my answering machine is, so you can talk to it instead. Wait for the beep." "Beep" "Hello. I am David's answering machine. What are you?"

(From my Japanese friend in Toronto)
He-lo! This is Sa-to. If you leave message, I call you soon. If you leave *sexy* message, I call sooner!

"Hi! John's answering machine is broken. This is his
refrigerator. Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick your message to myself with one of these magnets."

"Hello, this is Sally's microwave. Her answering machine just eloped with her tape deck, so I'm stuck with taking her calls. Say, if you want anything cooked while you leave your message, just hold it up to the phone.'

"Hello, you are talking to a machine. I am capable of receiving messages. My owners do not need siding, windows, or a hot tub, and their carpets are clean.  They give to charity through their office and do not need their picture taken. If you're still with
me, leave your name and number and they will get back to you."

"This is not an answering machine, this is a telepathic thought-recording device. After the tone, think about your name, your reason for calling and a number where I can reach you, and
I'll think about returning your call."

"Hi. I am probably home, I'm just avoiding someone I don't like. Leave me a message, and if I don't call back, it's you."

"Hi, this is George.  I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now. Leave a message, and then wait by your phone until I call you back."

"If you are a burglar, then we're probably at home cleaning our weapons right now and can't come to the phone. Otherwise, we probably aren't home and it's safe to leave us a message."

"You're growing tired. Your eyelids are getting heavy. You feel very sleepy now. You are gradually losing your willpower and your ability to resist suggestions. When you hear the tone you will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a message."

"You have reached the CPX-2000 Voice Blackmail System. Your voice patterns are now being digitally encoded and stored for later use. Once this is done, our computers will be able to use the sound of *your* voice for literally thousands of illegal and
immoral purposes. 
There is no charge for this initial consultation.  However our staff of professional extortionists will contact you in the near future to further explain the benefits of our service, and to arrange for your schedule of payment. Remember to speak clearly
at the sound of the tone. Thank you."

Please leave a message. However, you have the right to remain silent. Everything you say will be recorded and will be used by us.

~Credit to an email from a friend of mineYo mama so dumb, she tried to spell out the alphabet with M&M's.One day while walking down the street a highly successful Human Resources Director was hit by a bus and she died. Her soul was met at the Pearly gates by St. Peter himself. 
"Welcome to Heaven," said St Peter, "Before you get settled in, it seems we have a problem. You see, we've never had a Human Resources Director make it this far and we're not really sure what to do with you."
"No problem, just let me in," said the woman.
"Well, I'd like to, but I have higher orders. What we are going to do is let you have a day in Hell and a day in Heaven and then you can choose whichever one you want to spend an Eternity in."
"Actually, I think I've made up my mind. I prefer to stay in Heaven," said the HR Director. 
"Sorry, we have rules."
And with that St. Peter put the HR executive in a lift and down it went to Hell. The doors opened and she found herself stepping onto the putting green of a beautiful golf course. In the distance was a country club and standing in front of her were all friends and fellow executives she had worked with and they were all cheering for her. They ran up and kissed her on both cheeks and talked about old times. They played an excellent round of golf and at night went to the country club where she enjoyed an excellent steak and lobster dinner. She met the Devil who was actually a really nice guy. She had a great time telling jokes and dancing. Everybody shook her hand and waved good-bye as she got in the lift. The elevator opened at the Pearly Gates and she found St. Peter waiting for her. 
She spent the next 24 hours lounging around on the clouds and playing the harp and singing. She had a great time and before she knew it her 24 hours were up and St. Peter came and got her.
"So you have spent a day in hell, and a day in Heaven. Now choose your eternity," he said.
The woman replied: "Well I never thought I would say this. I mean, Heaven has been really great and all, but I think I had a better time in Hell."
So St. Peter escorted her to the lift and again she went back to Hell. When the doors opened she found herself standing in a desolate wasteland covered in rubbish and filth. She saw her friends were dressed in rags and were picking up the rubbish and putting it in sacks. The Devil came up to her and put his arm around her.
"I don't understand," stammered the HR Director. "Yesterday I was here and there was a golf course and a country club and we ate steak and lobster and we danced and had a great time. Now all there is are wastelands and rubbish and all my friends look miserable."
The Devil looked at her and smiled. "Yesterday we were recruiting you, today you're staff."Men's Rules for Women
---------------------------
     
1) Learn to work the toilet seat. You're a big girl. If it's up, put it down. We need it up, you need it down. You don't hear us bitching about you leaving it down.
     
2) Sometimes we are not thinking about you. Live with it.
     
3) Saturday = sports.
     
4) Crying is blackmail.
     
5)Ask for what you want. Subtle hints do not work. Strong hints do not work. Obvious hints do not work. Just say it!
     
6) We don't remember dates. Mark them on a calendar and remind us frequently.
     
7) Yes and No are perfectly acceptable answers to almost every question.
     
8) Come to us with a problem only if you want help solving it. That's what we do.

9) Sympathy is what your girlfriends are for.
     
10) Check your oil.
     
11) Anything we said 6 months ago is inadmissible in an argument. In fact, all comments become null and void after 7 days.
     
12) If you think you're fat, you probably are. Don't ask us. We refuse to answer that question anymore.
     
13) If something we said can be interpreted two ways and one of the ways makes you sad or angry, we meant the other one.
     
14) Let us look. It doesn't hurt anyone, to look. And for us, it's genetic.
     
15) Whenever possible, please say whatever you have to say during commercials.
     
16) Christopher Columbus did not need directions, and neither do we.
     
17) ALL men see in only 16 colours. Peach, for example, is a fruit, not a colour. We have no idea what mauve is.
     
18) We are not mind readers and we never will be.
     
19) If we ask what is wrong and you say 'nothing,' we will believe you.
     
20) When we have to go somewhere, absolutely anything you wear is fine.
     
21) You have enough clothes.
     
22) You have too many shoes.
     
23) It is neither in your best interest or ours to take any quiz together. No, it doesn't matter which quiz.
     
24) BEER is as exciting for us as handbags are for you.
     
25) Thank you for reading this: Yes, I know, I have to sleep on the couch tonight, but did you know we really don't mind that - it's like camping.These are all true cuttings,

Irish police are being handicapped
in a search for a stolen van
because they cannot issue a description. It is
a Special Branch vehicle and they
do not want the public to know what it
looks like. (The Guardian)

Police reveal that a woman
arrested for shoplifting had a
whole salami in her knickers. When asked why she
said it was because she was
missing her boyfriend. (Reuters via The
Manchester Evening News)

After being charged 20 [pounds] for a 10 [pound]
overdraft, 30 year old Michael
Howard of Leeds changed his name by deed
poll to "Yorkshire Bank PLC Are
Fascist Bastards". The bank has now asked
him to close his account and Mr.
Bastards has asked them to repay the 69p
balance by cheque made out in his
new name.
(The Guardian)

Notice seen in the Churchtown
Parish Magazine: Would the
congregation please
note that the bowl at the back of
the church labelled "For the sick"
is for monetary donations only.

There must, for instance, be
something very strange in a man
who, if left alone in a room with a tea cosy,
doesn't try it on. (Glasgow
Evening News)

A young girl who was blown out to
sea on a set of inflatable teeth
was rescued by a man on an inflatable
lobster. A coastguard spokesman
commented:
"This sort of thing is all too
common?" (The Times)

At the height of the gale the
harbourmaster radioed a coastguard
on the spot and asked him to estimate the wind
speed. He replied that he was sorry but
he didn't have a gauge. However if
it was any help the wind had just
blown his Land-Rover off the cliff.
(Aberdeen Evening Express)

Commenting on a complaint from a
Mr. Arthur Purdey about a large gas
bill a spokesman for North West Gas
said: "We agree it was rather high
for the time of year. It is possible Mr. Purdey
has been charged for the gas used
up during the explosion that blew his
house to pieces." (Bangkok Post)"What possible reason can you have for acquitting this defendant?" the judge shouted at the jury.

"Insanity, Your Honour," replied the foreman.

"All TWELVE of you?" bellowed the judge."Please, God," the man prayed, "you know me.  I'm always praying to you, yet I've had nothing but bad luck, misery and despair.  Look at the butcher next door.  He's never prayed in his life, and he enjoys prosperity, health and happiness.  How come a believer like me is always in trouble, and he's always doing so well?"

"Because," a voice boomed from the heavens, "the butcher doesn't bug me, that's why!"Opera: where somebody gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, sings.Couple of things you oughta know
Firstly, when I'm born, I'm black!!
When I grow up, I'm black
When I get sick, I'm black
When I go out in the sun, I'm black
When I'm cold, I'm black
And when I get scared,
Gee, I'm black
And When I die, I'm still black
But you white fella...
When you born, you pink
When you grow up, you white
When you get sick, you green
When you go out in the sun, you red
When you get cold, you go blue
When you get scared, you yellow
And when you die, you purple
And YOU got the cheek to call ME coloured??!!Two Eskimos sitting in their boat were chilly; but when they lit a fire in the boat, it sank, proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.A woman had twins, and gave them up for adoption. One of them went to a family in Egypt and was named Amal. The other went to a family in Spain, and they named him Juan. Years later, Juan sent a picture of himself to his mum. Upon receiving the picture, she told her husband that she wished that she also had a picture of Amal. Her husband responded, "But they're twins. If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal."Yo Mama was so Ugly as a child your granddaddy had to put a pork chop round her neck so the dog would play with her.What two things in the air can make a blonde pregnant?

Her LegsLittle Johnny was sitting outside a church playing with sulphuric acid.

The priest came up to him and said "Child why are you playing with sulphuric acid?  Thats dangerous! I've got some holy water inside that is much more powerful."

Little Johnny relied "How come?"

"Well last week I splashed some holy water on Mrs.Wilson's tummy and she passed a baby!" said the priest proudly.

"Thats nothing," retorted Little Johnny "I spashed some sulphuric acid on my dog's balls and he passed a Ferrari!"Whats the difference between a good egg and a good fart?

You can't beat a good fart!Blind Hookers eh? You've got to hand it to them.A man and a women are making love for the first time. "Cor what a small organ!" the women sniggered
"It may be small, darling" replied the man "but it's never played in a Cathedral before!"How many men does it take to open a beer?
None it should be open by the time she brings it to you.

Why are women's feet so small?
So they can stand closer to the sink.

How much does it cost to fix a woman's watch?
Nothing, theres a clock on the oven.

Your wife is at the front door yelling at you to open the door for her and your dog is at the back door barking his head off to be let in. Which one do you let in first?
The dog, he shuts up when you let him in the house.

What's worse than a Male Chauvinist?
A woman who won't shut up and do what a man tells her.Four Catholic women are sitting in a cafe sipping their tea, talking about their great sons. Soon it begins as a contest to see who has the best son.
The first woman proudly declares, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room people call him 'Father."
The second woman replies even more proudly, "My son is a bishop, when he walks into a room people call him 'My Grace."
The third woman thinking she wins replies, "My son is a Cardinal! When he walks into a room people say, 'My Eminence."
The fourth woman says nothing but sips her tea quietly.
The three women stare at her and then ask her what is so special about her son.
With a smug look on her face she replies, "My son is a 6' 5" muscular man, with a chiseled jaw and arms as big as pipes. And when he walks into a room all the woman say, 'Oh My God."A woman's breasts are like a child's toys. They are meant for the child - but the husband is the one that usually ends up playing with them.A woman went into a store to buy her husband a pet for his birthday. After looking around, she found that all the pets were very expensive. She told the clerk she wanted to buy a pet, but she didn't want to spend a fortune.

"Well," said the clerk, "I have a very large bullfrog. They say it's been trained to give blowjobs!" "Blowjobs!" the woman replied. "It hasn't been proven but we've sold 30 of them this month," he said. The woman thought it would be a great gag gift, and what if it's true...no more blowjobs for her! She bought the frog.

When she explained froggy's ability to her husband, he was extremely skeptical and laughed it off. The woman went to bed happy, thinking she may never need to perform this less than riveting act again. 

In the middle of the night, she was awakened by the noise of pots and pans flying everywhere, making hellacious banging and crashing sounds. She ran downstairs to the kitchen, only to find her husband and the frog reading cookbooks.

"What are you two doing at this hour?" she asked. 

The husband replied, "If I can teach this frog to cook, your ass is gone."Three vampires go into a bar.  The bartender asks the first one, "What can I getcha?"

The first vampire replies, "I'll have a pint of blood".

The bartender then asks the second vampire, and he too orders a pint of blood.

The bartender turns to the third vampire and asks, "What about you?"

The third vampire says, "I think I'll have a pint of plasma."

The bartender says, "OK, so that will be two Bloods and one Blood Lite."There are three well known rings to marriage: 

Engagement ring, Wedding ring, and suffering!Yo mama's like Humpty Dumpty.... first she gets humped, then she gets dumped!If you don't like my driving, stay out of the bus shelters!Overheard at an exhibit in the science museum:

"It says here that oxygen was discovered over two hundred years ago."

"Wow! What did people breathe before that?"A  mother and son were washing dishes while the father and daughter were watching TV in the family room.  Suddenly, there was a crash of breaking dishes, then complete silence.

The girl looked at her dad and said, "It was Mom."

"How do you know?"

"She didn't say anything."From the instruction manual for the first stewardesses (in 1930):

Keep the clock and altimeter wound up.

Carry a railroad timetable in case the plane is grounded.

Warn the passengers against throwing their cigars and cigarettes out the windows.

Keep an eye on passengers when they go to the lavatory to be sure they don't mistakenly go out the emergency exit.There were two guys at a bar. One of them was rich and the other was poor.  They both start talking and they find out their anniversary is on the same day, which is tomorrow.

Poor guy- "What did you get your wife?"
Rich Guy- "I got her a diamond ring and a Mercedes Benz."
Poor guy- "Why did you give her those??"
Rich Guy- "Because if she doesn't like the ring she can run the car off a cliff and go screw herself.  What did you get your wife?"
Poor guy- "A pair of slippers and a dildo"
Rich Guy- "Why did you give her those??"
Poor guy- "Because if she doesn't like the slippers she can go screw herself!"A 90 year old man is having a checkup at his doctors office. The old man is chatty that day and starts to brag about his life. He boasts about his 20 year old wife who is having a baby because he got her knocked up. He claims it's an amazing feat considering his old age. The doctor listening to this very intently says, "Well, this reminds me of a story. Let me tell you about it."

"I know this man who is a hunter who goes bear hunting every single season. One day during hunting season the man is in such a rush to get out into the woods he grabs an umbrella instead of his shotgun. Anyway, he was out in the woods and he comes across a ferocious grizzly who is very mad. Horrified he raises his umbrella and points it at the bear trying to scare it away. He closes his eyes and squeezes the handle tightly. Then BOOM! the bear drops dead from a gunshot wound to the head."

The old man replies, "That's impossible! Someone else must have shot the bear."

The doctor replies, "Exactly..."How does Michael Jackson pick his nose?

   Through a catalogue!!Did you hear about the woman who poured margaritas in her birdbath?  Enough tequila mockingbird.A man walked into a stockbroker's office and said to the receptionist, "I just won the lottery, and I want to open an account with your %**!&%*! company."

Heads turned in shock at hearing the man's language.  "I'm sorry, but we don't allow that kind of talk here," the receptionist said.  "You'll have to leave."

"I told you I want to open an account with this %**!&%*! company," the man insisted.

Suddenly the manager came out.  "What's all the swearing about?" he asked.

"I just won $12 million and I want to open an account with your %**!&%*! company," the man replied.

"Oh, I see," said the manager.  "And are these %**!&%*! people giving you a hard time?"Knock-knock!
Who's there?
Chips.
Chips who?

Chips Ahoy!Yo momma so dumb, she spent twenty minutes staring at a orange juice bottle because it said, 'Concentrate'.Q. How do you kill a blond?

A. Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.Yo mama is so fat, when she got on the scale it said To be Continued!Yo Momma so dirty she has to sneak up on the waterYour momma such a bitch, PMS cheers her up.Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on the scale she screwed it to the bottom of the floor.Did you hear about the new dictionary for masochists?

It has all the words, but they're not in alphabetical order.A tearful woman phoned a reducing salon to wail that her husband had just given her a lovely present and she couldn't get into it.  The operator gave her an appointment and added, "Don't worry, madam, we'll have you wearing that dress in no time."

"Dress?" the matron sobbed.  "It's a Porsche!"Never ever take a sleeping pill and a laxative in the same night.A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender tells him the price is $3.
The man pulls out a $20 bill and hands it to the bartender.
The bartender replies, "Sorry I can't accept that."
The man then pulls out a $10 bill and hands it to the bartender.
The bartender refuses to accept it.
The man finally pulls out a $5 bill and gives it to the bartender.
The bartender once again refuses to accept it.
When the man asks the bartender why he won't accept any of the bills the man is giving him, the bartender replies, "Sorry sir, this is a singles bar."A man walks into a bar down in Alabama and orders a beer. The whole bar is looking at the man curiously as he sits down. The bartender looks at his nice suit and tie and asks him if he's from around here. 
The man replies, "No sir, I'm from Pennslyvania."
The bartender asks the man what he does for a living up in Pennyslyvania.
The man replies, "I am a Taxidermist."
The bartender slowly asks, "What is a Taxidermist?"
The man answers back, "Oh, I just mount animals."
The bartender grins wide and yells to the whole bar, "It's OK Boys!! He's one of us!"2 guys decide to go down to Mexico and start a bungee jumping business. So they go down to Mexico and start setting up the equipment on a bridge while a curious crowd gathers at the bottom of the bridge and watches. Once the equipment is set up one of the friends decides to test out the stuff. So he sets off and as he bounces back up the first time he comes up with a bloody lip. The second time he bounced back up he had a black eye and a gash on his face to go along with the bloody lip. The other friend tried to catch him but missed. The third time he came back up his face was swollen on the right side and he had blood all over his face. The friend finally caught the other man and tried to tend to the wounds. He asks the friend if the cord was too long.
The friend replies, "No...Cord....fine...."
The first friend cries out, "Well what the hell happened down there??"
The second friends slowly replies, "What...the....hell.... is a...pinata?"I'd had a pretty hectic day with my four-year-old. When bed-time finally came, I laid down the law: "We're putting on your p.j.s, brushing your teeth, and reading ONE book. Then it's lights out!" 

Her arms went around my neck in a gentle embrace, and she said, "We learned in Sunday school about little boys and girls who don't have mommies and
daddies." 

Even after I'd been such a grouch, I thought, she was still grateful to have me. I felt tears begin to well up in my eyes, and then she whispered, "Maybe you could go be THEIR mom?""Doctor, I'd like you to evaluate my 13 year-old son."

"OK: He's most likely suffering from a transient psychosis with an intermittent rage disorder, punctuated by episodic radical mood swings, but his prognosis is good for full recovery."

"How can you say all that without even meeting him?"

"I thought you said he's 13?"Yo Momma is so dumb she had to call 411 to get the number for 911.Yo Mama so dumb, her favorite color is clear.Yo Mama so big, fat, and clumsey, when she tried to get to Wal-Mart, she stumbled over K-Mart and landed right on Target.How do you keep a blonde busy? (see below) 
How do you keep a blonde busy? (see above)A dumb blonde, a smart blonde, and Santa Claus were invited to a party.  

On the way, the dumb blonde's car broke down.  The smart blonde missed the bus.  Two of Santa Claus' reindeer ran away.  

Who got to the party first?  

The dumb blonde, because the other two don't exist!Four expectant fathers were in a Minneapolis hospital waiting room, while their wives were in labor.  The nurse arrived and announced to the first man, "Congratulations sir, you're the father of twins."  

"What a coincidence!" the man said with some obvious pride. "I work for the Minnesota Twins baseball team."  

The nurse returned in a little while and turned to the second man, "You, sir, are the father of triplets."  

"Wow, that's really an incredible coincidence", he answered. "I work for the 3M Corporation." 

An hour later, the nurse came back. This time, she turned to the third man, who had been quiet in the corner. She announced that his wife had just given birth to quadruplets. 

Stunned, he barely could reply.  "Don't tell me, another coincidence", said the nurse.  After finally regaining his composure, he said, "I don't believe it, I work for the Four Seasons Hotel!"  

After hearing this, everybody's attention turned to the fourth guy, who had just fainted, flat out on the floor.  The nurse rushed to his side and, after some time, he slowly gained back his consciousness.  The nurse asked, "Sir, are you all right?"  

"Yes," says the man, "I'm okay now. I just had a shocking thought. I work at the 7-11 Store."A local psychic hotline opened up a new number especially for frogs, called "The Psychic Frog-line."  A frog called, wanting to know his future.  

"You will meet a beautiful young girl," predicted the psychic.  

"This is great!" said the frog.  "Where will I meet her?  At a party?  At the pond?"  

"No," replied the psychic.  "Next semester in a biology class."How many paranoids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

What exactly do you mean by that?A blonde was recently fired from her cashier job, because she kept stealing money from the register.  She went looking for work the next day.  

A few days later, she came to a man who needed someone.  "I'm here for the paint job", the blonde said eagerly.  "Alright.  Take this paint and brush, and go paint my backyard porch", replied the man.  

The blonde immediately started painting.  After she was done, she decided to do a second coat.  When she was finished, she went to the man to get her pay.  

"I finished it, and did a second coating too!  By the way, that's not a Porsche, it's a new BMW".How was copper wire invented?

Two lawyers were fighting over a penny.A mushroom walks into a bar and asks for a beer.  The bartender, not wanting to serve a mushroom, says "Uh uh, I'm not serving no mushroom."
"Aw, come on - I'm a fungi!" the mushroom replies.A blonde was standing in front of a vending machine.  She put in a dollar, pushed a button and a coke came out.  She put in another dollar, pushed a different button and an iced tea came out.  The blonde kept doing this, until the man behind her became impatient.  "Excuse me, can I just get a drink, THEN you can continue whatever you're doing???"  "No way!" exclaimed the blonde.  "I'm not giving up this machine when I'm winning!"A cat's dictionary.

Purring: Sound of a cat manufacturing cuteness.

Purrverse: Poem about a strange kitty.

Purranoia: The fear that your cat is up to something.

Human Being: Automatic door opener for cats.

Purrpetual: Everlasting love for domesticated felines.

Purrson: A male kitty.

Purrpetual motion: A kitty playing.3 men were on the way to Heaven, but God would only let the man with the worst death in. The first man says, "Well, I was on the way to my apartment because I suspected my wife was cheating on me. So when I got to my apartment on the 3rd story, my wife was in the shower, but there was a guy hanging from a window sill. I step on his fingers, but he didn't budge. So I took a hammer and smashed his fingers so he fell, but wasn't dead. So I took the refrigerator and threw it down on him. I got a heart attack because it was the first time I killed someone."
The second man says, "I was climbing down the stairs of my apartment on the 4th story when I tripped, and I was hanging on a window sill. A guy comes, and steps on my fingers for no reason. I didn't want to fall, so I held on. But he took a hammer and smashed my fingers. Then I landed on bushes, so I was alive still. A refrigerator came out of nowhere and killed me."
The third man says, "How would you feel if you were hiding in a refrigerator because you had an affair with a guy's wife, and the guy throws the fridge down to kill an innocent guy?"Two women were sitting beside each other in the airport.  

"Where are you flying to?", the woman on the right asked.  

With an attitude, the other replied "You should never end a sentece with the word 'to'".  

"Ok", said the woman on the right.  "Where are you flying to, bitch?"A man went to a psychiatrist and explained his problem.  "Two weeks ago I had a dream that I was a tippee.  Then, the next day, I dreamt I was a wigwam.  In my next dream, I was a teepee again, and this has been happening the whole too weeks!  What's wrong with me, Doc?".
"It's simple.  You're just two tents".Two scientists were discussing their latest behaviour-modification research.  "We've started something new," said the first scientist.  "For some of our more dangerous experiments, we're now using lawyers."

"Lawyers?" questioned her colleague.  "But we've always used rats."

"Well, you know how it is.  You get so attached to the rats."My sister gave birth in a state-of-the-art delivery room.  It was so high tech that the baby came out cordless!Q. How many car salesmen does it take to change a light bulb?

A. I'm just going to work this out on my calculator, and I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised.Why don't ghosts make good magicians?
You can see right through them!Patient: Doctor doctor, J keep seeing doubles!
Doctor: Please take a seat.
Patient: Which one?One time, when I was a kid, I forgot to do my homework, so I stole someone else's and turned it in. After class, the teacher pulled me over. She asked why I didn't turn in the homework. I said, guess I forgot to change the name on it!I had four cappuccinos at one time. I was bouncing off the walls. Good thing they were padded.I didn't mean to agitate the police officer. Water balloons are good fun, but he had to get all mad. Then he grabbed that metal baton thingy. That's a lot less fun than a water balloon. I even said "think fast!" He didn't say that to me when he used the baton on my face.Why is boxing a sport? If I beat someone up in an alley and someone sees it, I get arrested. If I beat someone up in an arena where thousands see it happen, I get cheered. I've done both. I like the alley better though.How many Existentialists does it take to change a light bulb?

What light bulb?Yo Momma is so big that when pirates see her they say, "LAND HO!"A mom was out walking with her 4 year old daughter. the child picked up something off the ground and started to put it in her mouth. The mother asked her not to do that.

"Why?"

"Because it's been laying outside and is dirty and probably has germs."

At this point, the child looked at her mom with total admiration and asked, "Wow! How do you know all this stuff?"

"Uh," the mom was thinking quickly, everyone knows this stuff, "Um, it's on the mommy test. You have to know it, or they don't let you be a mommy."

"Oh."

They walked along in silence for 2 or 3 minutes, but the child was evidently pondering this new information.

"I get it!" she beamed. "Then if you flunk, you have to be the daddy."Yo mama's so dumb, she thought that a Playstation was a day care place.Knock Knock

Who's there?

Madam

Madam who?

Madam foot's caught in the door!Yo mama's so fat that when she went bungee jumping, she took down the whole bridge with her.Yo mama's so fat that she rents herself out as a jumping castle.A trucker has just turned a corner on a deserted roadway and was proceeding to change lanes when a blonde in a speedy corvette cut right in front of him almost making him get run off the road. Enraged the trucker sped up and overtook the blonde then forced her to slow down. When the blonde finally stopped the trucker stepped out of his truck, went over the to corvette and yanked the blonde out.

He then drew a circle with a piece of chalk he had around the blonde.
"If you step outside of this circle, I will kill you. You hear? You just stay right there missy," said the Trucker.
The trucker went to his truck and grabbed a wooden bat. He smashed the corvettes windows in and knocked off the rear-view mirror. Then he stops and hears a tiny giggle. He turns around and the blonde is trying not to laugh.
He turns back to work and stabs the tires with his swiss army knife, then smashes in the car windows. Then he hears a snicker from behind him. He turns around and the blonde is red from trying to hold in a laugh. Getting angry the trucker proceeds to smash the taillights, and dent the hell out of the cars body. Wanting to completely obliterate the car, he went into his semi-truck and ran over the car crushing it into a flattened piece of metal.
As he gets out to admire his demolition work, he sees the blonde on the ground laughing like a madwoman and rolling around holding her sides.
He goes and grabs the blonde by her hair and yells in her face, "WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING YOU FOOL??"
The blonde tries to put on a straight face and says, "While you were looking away, I stepped out of the circle 3 TIMES!"Knock Knock

Who's there?

July

July who?

July like Bill ClintonOne day on a farm a farmer gets a new rooster and puts it in the hen house.  The new rooster is talking to the old rooster and the old rooster says, "Just let me have 2 chickens and I'll leave you alone."  The young rooster says, "No old man these are my chickens."  

So the old rooster says,  "Why don't we have a race around the chicken coop to see who deserves the chickens?"  The young rooster figuring he is faster agrees, and even desides to give the old rooster a 15 second head start.  

So when the race begins the old rooster takes off and 15 seconds later the young rooster begins running.  By the time the roosters round the first bend the young rooster has almost caught the old rooster.  Then as the go by the house "BANG" the farmer fires his shoot gun and says, "Damn, third gay rooster this month."Famous Last Words

"Oh come on, nobody's died from this in years."

"I saw it on Jackass last night."

"My dad did it when he was a kid."

"Yes, I'm sure that the power is off."

"It'll only hurt for a couple of days."

"See, I'm not afraid of heights."Famous Last Words:

"The gun isn't loaded, ok?"

"Yes, I double checked."

"This fuse should give us plenty of time."

"I don't think he has a gun."

"This is a very safe neighborhood!"

"I am 100% sure of the blast radius."This is off a Coast Guard bumper sticker:

Support Search and Rescue: GET LOST!My college doesn't allow pets in my dorm, so when I got a kitten I had the guys in my dorm refer to him as "the Book" to avoid suspicion.

One morning, as I carried the kitten out to my car in a crate, my girlfriend stopped me and asked, "where are you taking the Book?"

"She's getting Spayed today," I said.

"Hmm..." she said. "I guess that means no sequels!"Darn those pushy metric system advocates! 
Give them 2.54 cm., and they'll take 1.6093 km!Famous Last Words

"We'll be safe here, trust me."

"Who cares about the severe weather warning, those forecasters are always wrong anyway."

"We're not as high up as it looks, here I'll show you."

"Who cares about those heart condition warnings anyway, I wanna ride this thing!"

"My friend did this a while ago. I don't know how it turned out, I haven't seen him since."

"It's just a slight tingle."









"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!!!???"FAMOUS LAST WORDS 

"One sec, I've got to go the bathroom!"

:)

"It doesn't hurt... that... bad..."

"This stuff works just as well!"

"It looks like it's coming right towards us!"

"Here, let me handle this, forget the cops!"

"I read this in a 'how-to' magazine once."

"No I'm not a skydiver, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express Last Night."

"Proper equipment is for rich people."

"I don't know. Let's find out!"

"I did it in a video game last night."

"Did you hear that? Sounded like something big. Where's that flashlight?"

And finally...




























"OH SHIT!!!!"THE SEQUELS CONTINUE
(these are all by me by the way)

"Hmm... Let's go for the gusto today!"

"Here's my ticket to fame, fortune, and Ripley's Beleive it or Not!"

"I'm not as think as you drunk I am!"

"Gotta match?"

"Now, why in the name of God's green Earth did I do that?!"

"We'll just mix these two together and that should...!"

"No honey, there's no one in your closet. Now go to sleep. Quit crying. Here, I'll look just to make sure."

"It's the red wire, right? The blue wire? There is no blue wire. The black one then? You're so wishy-washy. Here I'll just cut them both!"

"Wow. A real dud grenade! Can I pick it up?"

"Hey what's with the mask! I'm just visiting the hospital! Zzzzzzzzz..."

"Sister Loretta, I'm telling you, I DID NOT TAKE THE LORD'S NAME IN VAIN. Geez! That's the biggest ruler I've ever seen!"

"Don't move. DONT'T MOVE! Ah! To hell with it I'm runnin'!"

"Hey, hey, hey! Were friends, right? Then put down the flame thrower. I said: put down the flamethrower! What do you mean by "Good idea, I'll use my pistol instead"?!!!"

And finally...




















AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
Whew. That was close............?....  OOHHHH MY LORD!!!!! WHAT IN THE HELL IS THAT??? WHAT IN THE HELL...... IS THAT??? WHERE THE HELL DID THAT COME FROM??? Wait a minute... Wait a minute....








OH SHIT!!!!!I broke in to a gun shop last week. I didn't know that the owner lived on-site. He must have spent every night for the last ten years thinking of what he would do to the poor, hapless soul who would try to break in. I pointed my gun at him and he held up a grenade as he ran at me. I should be able to breath again in a few years. The old shopkeeper is dead, but, man, he got a hell of a laugh in before he left the world, Kamikaze style.Yo mama's so fat, her Inuit name is Denali!Yo momma is so dumb, she thought a GameCube was a Rubik's puzzle.Yo Momma's so fat, when she jumps in the ocean, people head for higher ground.Yo self-centered momma is so fat, the world really does revolve around her!Yo mama is so fat, your family photos have to be shot from a plane.Yo mama is so fat and lazy, that her hair-do has been turned into a National Forest.Yo Mama so stupid, she got fired at the M & M factory because she threw out all the W's!3 people were asked to find the "hardest" word in the dictionary. One person found the word "happiness". One person found the word"photosynthesis". The last person found the word "dick".How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

None, blondes usually screw in cars!What do railroad tracks and blondes have in common?

They are both laid all over America!How do you get a blonde to laugh on Friday?

Tell her a joke on Monday!What does a blonde do when she wakes up?

She goes home!A blonde is like a door knob, everyone gets a turn!Knock Knock! 
Who's there? 
Little boy blue. 
Little Boy Blue who?
Micheal Jackson!!!!!Why are constipated people so mean and rude?

..because they don't give a crap!What do hookers and bungee jump cords have in common?

They're both cheap, fast and if the rubber breaks, your dead!Yo mama so old that when I told her to act her age, she died!Bob and Bo are hunting.  Bob had a sever case of diarrhea so he decided to stay and rest up.  Bo goes out and kills a big deer and guts it.  He then thinks it would be funny if he laid the deers guts in Bob's sleeping bag so he does and goes to sleep. Then he wakes up the next morning and see's that Bob and the guts are gone.  Then he notices Bob and asks how's he feeling.  Bob says, "My diarrhea was so bad I crapped my guts out but with God's grace and these two fingers I got them all back in."Timmy had been having a hard time in math class and got an 'F' on almost all of his report cards.  His mom thought he'd be better off if he went to a private Catholic school.  The very first day of school Timmy came home, went straight to his room and began working until he finally just fell asleep on his bed.  This continued for a long time until he got his first report card from the new school and his mom was so proud when he got an 'A' in Math.  She said, "I knew you'd do better in a private school."  

Then she says how did you do so well?" and Timmy replies, "When I walked in and saw the guy nailed to the plus sign I knew they meant business."If it sounds like a duck, has a beak like a duck and feet like a duck, and swims like a duck, you still better make sure that it ain't a platypus!During a Papal audience, a business man approached the Pope and made this offer: 

Change the last line of the Lord's prayer from "give us this day our daily bread" to "give us this day our daily chicken." and KFC will donate 10 million dollars to Catholic charities. The Pope declined. 

Two weeks later the man approached the Pope again. This time with a 50 million dollar offer. Again the Pope delcined. A month later the man offers 100 million, this time the Pope accepts. 

At a meeting of the Cardinals, the Pope announces his decision in the good news/bad news format. "The good news is... that we have 100 million dollars for charities. The bad news is that we lost the Wonder Bread account!"A man is driving along an old dirt road when he sees this giant mud hole, but, he is not quick enough to swerve and avoid it.  He climbs out of his car and walks along the road until he reaches a farm house.  

He goes in and asks the farmer to help him out of the hole.  The farmer agrees and between the two of them they get the car out in about 15 minutes.  The man offers to pay the farmer and asks how much he should give.  

The farmer says, "$200 should cover it because it took me a whole day."  The man gets angry and shouts, "All day! It hardly took you 15 minutes."  The farmer says, "Yea, but I had to fill the hole with mud too."A boy asks his dad,"Dad, what is 6.9?"
The dad answers, "69 interrupted by a period!"Why does Santa have such big balls?

Because he only comes once a year!You're so stupid that you sold your car for gas money!One blonde was so dumb she got locked in a bathroom and pissed her self!A blonde is like a turtle. If either one is on their back, they are screwed!How do you confuse a blonde?

Put her in a circular room and tell her there is a vibrator in the corner. 

How does a blonde confuse you?

When she comes out and says she found it.How many blonde jokes are there?

One. The rest are all true stories.What's the difference between a blonde and the internet?

Not everyone has been on the internet!Once upon a time 5 Indians captured 3 Americans and they said to go get fruit or they'll beat them up.

The 1st guy comes back with apples and the Indians tell him to shove 10 apples up his butt.  He says "Ok - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5..." then he dies and goes to Heaven.

The 2nd guy comes back with oranges and he was told the same.  "1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9..." then he bursts out laughing and laughs himself to death and he goes to Heaven.  The 2 guys meet in Heaven and the 1st one says "why did you stop? you were so close!"

"Because I saw the 3rd guy, he had pineapples!!!"How do you fit 4 gay guys on a chair?

Turn it upside down!What do Osama Bin Laden and crabs have in common.


They both irritate bush!2 men were out camping. At about 3:00 one man had to go to the bathroom. There were no toilets around and the men had no toilet paper! The man took a crap in the forest, but then had noting to wipe his butt with. He asked his friend what to do, and his friends said to wipe his butt with a 1 dollar bill. 5 minutes later the man came back with crap all over his hands. The friend asked what happened and the man said, "I didn't have a 1 dollar bill, so I used 4 quarters!"What is grosser than gross?

When a midget walks by and says your hair smells nice!What is the name for a bandaid on a pumpkin?

A pumpkin patch!You're so stupid, you tried to kill a bird by throwing it off a cliff.Your so stupid you tried to kill a fish by drowning it!Your so stupid you invented glow in the dark sun glasses!You're so dumb you invented water proof tea bags!You're so fat, when you went outside wearing a yellow dress everybody called "TAXI"You're so ugly, you can't even turn on a lightbulb!You're so fat that everybody has to talk behind your back!Yo mama so ugly, when she went to go rob a bank she didn't have to use no gun, she just reached her head over the counter and said put the money in the bag!!!!!A man had just got his car stuck in a mudhole during a drive in the country and he needed help getting it out. So he walked until he found a farm and asked the farmer for help. The farmer agrees to help the guy out. So he takes a horse out of the stable and leads him to the car. The farmer then ties a harness around the horse and the other end to the car.
The farmer yells, "Pull, Sandy!"
The horse just stands there.
The farmer yells, "Come on now, pull Twister!"
The horse once again just stands there.
Finally the farmer yells, "Ok dangit, PULL RANGER! You're just standing there!"
Finally the horse springs forward and with all the strength he has he pulls the car out of the ditch and onto the roadside.
The man thanks the farmer many times, but before leaving asks the farmer why he yelled out names of horses that weren't there.
The farmer just smiles and replies, "Oh, you see Ranger there is completely blind and a lazy horse. He wasn't going to pull if he thought he was the only one trying."One day, I went to the shooting gallery at the fair, one with the smiling clowns. I aimed and fired. Imagine my reaction when the target started yelling obscenities and charged.

"WOW! These fairs are really getting high-tech," I thought. Just to impress the girls watching, I held my ground and continued firing. Pretty soon, he lost all of his teeth, but he still kept coming. And that was some realistic blood! I aimed up at the forehead, and the target dropped like a rock. A security guard walked up to me and said, "How do you feel? You just killed a carnie, you sicko!"

"Wow, real carnival people!" I said, "I gotta get some of those for my shotgun at home! Carnies are cheaper than paper targets, and you don't have to worry about the guilt from killing the precious trees!"A city mouse had a country mouse stay for the weekend, and spent the whole time offering urban advice. On the last evening of the country mouse's visit, they were dining in the kitchen when in 
came the largest cat the country mouse had ever seen.

"Don't panic," said the town mouse, "Leave this to me."

Marching up to the cat she said, "Bow wow wow wow!  The cat turned  and ran from the room.  

"How did you do that?" asked the country mouse.

"Like I told you," said the town mouse, "it pays to learn a second language."There were three guys on the C.N. tower and the tour guide told 
them that if either one of them could throw their watches over 
the side and run down and catch it, they would win 1 million 
dollars.

The first guy threw his watch over and when he got down, it was
shattered into a million pieces. The same thing happened to the 
second guy. The third guy threw his watch over, went home and got
a shower, had his dinner, and came back and caught his watch. 
The all wondered how he did it and he said, " I set it two hours 
slow"The weather was very hot, so this man wanted desperately take a dive in the nearby lake. He didn't bring his swimming outfit, but who cared? He was all alone. So he undressed and got into the water. 

After some delightful minutes of cool swimming, a pair of old ladies walked onto the shore in his direction. He panicked, got out of the water and grabbed a bucket, which laid on the sandy beach. He held the bucket in front of his private parts and sighed with relief.

The ladies got nearby and looked at him. He felt awkward and wanted to move. Then one of the ladies said, "You know, I have a special gift, I can read minds." 

"Impossible," said the embarrassed man, "You really know what I think?"

"Yes," the lady replied, 'I know that you think that the bucket you're holding has a bottom in it."One night Aggie says to George "Think I'll go to bingo the night 
George... when I'm gone you make sure the youngsters get in and 
go to bed"

Now George and Aggie had thirteen kids the last time they counted.
So when Aggie went off to bingo, George went out and made the 
youngsters come in and get to bed. For about three or four hours,
one little boy kept crying and crying, so George takes off up 
with a split and hits the floor, the little boy cries harder and
harder.

George sputters out "What are you bawling about?" 

The little boy replies "I want to go to me own home."A man placed some flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and started back toward his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave. The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity and kept repeating, "Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?" 

The first man approached him and said, "Sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? A child? A parent?" 

The mourner took a moment to collect himself, then replied... 

"My wife's first husband."A Blonde is getting on an elevator and meets a gentleman on 
board.

"T.G.I.F." she says.

"S.H.I.T" was his reply. 

Puzzled she replied "T.G.I.F"

The gentleman was getting a little disturbed the the remark, so 
he says again. "S.H.I.T.". 

The Blonde leans over and whispers "THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY".  

The gentleman responses with "SORRY, HONEY IT'S THURSDAY".Two guys own a zoo.  To their angst their lone female gorilla
goes into heat.  Knowing she will be violent if not looked after 
they take her to a vet for advice.  He says she needs to be bred
by a male gorilla.  Knowing they can't find a male they weigh 
their options.  One says to the other, hey that guy that cleans 
the cages is kind of crazy, maybe he'll do it.  They ask him if 
he'd do it for $500.  He asks for some time to think about it.

The next day he comes back to the guys and says he'll do it on 
three conditions.  

    1) No commitments, once it's done it's over.
    2) If there is any kids I'm not responsible.

The two say O.K. no problem, what's your third condition? 

Well he says it's going to take me a few weeks to come up with 
the 500 dollars......1. Log on:               Make the wood stove hotter
2. Log off:              Don't add no more wood
3. Monitor:              Keep an eye on that wood stove
4. Download:             Getting the firewood off the truck
5. Floppy Disk:          What you fet from trying to carry to 
                        much firewood
6. Ram:                  The thing that splits the firewood
7. Hard Drive:           Getting home in the winter
8. Prompt:                "Throw another log on the fire"
9. Window:               What to shut when it's cold outside
10. Screen:              What to shut in fly season
11. Byte:                What flies do
12. Bit:                 What the flies did
13. Mega Byte:            What BIG flies do
14. Chip:                Munchies when monitoring
15. Micro Chip:           What's left after you eat the chips
16. Modem:               What you did to the hay fields
17. Dot Matrix:           Old Dan Matrixs' wife
18. Lap top:             Where kitty sleeps
19. Software:             The dumb plastic knives and forks they
                        give you at the Big R
20. Hardware:             Real stainless steel cutlery
21. Mouse:                What eats the grain in the barn
22. Main Frame:           What holds up the barn
23. Enter:                City talk for "Come on in, b'y"
24. Web:                  The things spiders makes
25. Web Site:             The barn or attic
26. Cursor:               Someone who swears a lot
27. Search Engine:        What you do when the car dies
28. Screen Saver:         A repair kit for the torn window screen
29. Home Page:            A map you keep in your back pocket just
                        in case you get lost when picking burries
30. Upgrade:              Driving up Barters' Hill
31. Server:               The Mrs. at Donovan's who brings the
                         jigs' dinner
32. Mail Server:          The guy at Big R with grade 8 who brings
                        fish
33. MS-DOS:               Some new disease they discovered
34. Sound Card:           One of them technological birthday cards
                        that plays music
35. User:                 Buddy down your street who keeps coming
                        over borrowing stuff
36. Browser:              What they call you when your eyebrows
                        grow together
37. Network:              When you have to repair your fishin net
38. Internet:             Where the fish get caught
39. Netscape:             When a fish gets away
40. On-line:              When you gets the laundry on the washline
41. Off-line:             When the clothespins let go and the
                        laundry falls on the groundYo mama so fat, when she sat on a quarter, boogers came out of George Washington's nose.What did the Lawyer name his daughter?

Answer: SueCan you go skinny dippin' if you're fat?

Is it possible to fight on a luv seat?

If you drink tap water can you tap dance? 

              by:lilpapa92The boss was complaining in our staff meeting the other day that he wasn't getting any respect.  Later that morning he went to a local card and novelty shop and bought a small sign that read, "I'm the Boss". He then taped it to his office door.

Later that day when he returned from lunch, he found that someone had taped a note to the sign that said. "Your wife called, she wants her sign backA lawyer is standing in a long line at the box office. Suddenly, he feels a pair of hands kneading his shoulders, back, and neck. The lawyer turns around. 
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" 
"I'm a chiropractor, and I'm just keeping in practice while I'm waiting in line." 
"Well, I'm a lawyer, but you don't see me screwing the guy in front of me, do you?"1. The female always makes the rules. 
2. The rules can change without notice. 
3. Males can't know the rules. 
4. If the female suspects that the male knows all the rules, she must immediately change some of the rules. 
5. The female never bears the blame for being wrong. 
6. If the female is wrong, it is because of a flagrant misunderstanding which was a direct result of something that the male did or said which was wrong. 
7. If rule 6 applies, the male must apologize for causing the misunderstanding. 
8. The female can change her mind. 
9. The male must never change his mind without the consent of the female. 
10. The female has every right to be angry or upset at any time. 
11. The male must always remain calm unless the female wants him to be angry or upset. 
12. The female must never let the male know whether or not she wants him to be angry or upset. 
13. If the female has PMS, there are no rules. 
14. The male cannot diagnose PMS.Why did the blonde take a right into the ditch? 
Her blinker was on.One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." 
Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."A boy and his date were parked on a back road some distance from town, doing what boys and girls do on back roads some distance from town. Things were getting hot and heavy when the girl stopped the boy.

"I really should have mentioned this earlier, but I'm actually a hooker and I charge $20 for sex," she said.

The boy just looked at her for a couple of seconds, but then reluctantly paid her, and they did their thing.  After the cigarette, the boy just sat in the driver's seat looking out the window.

"Why aren't we going anywhere?" asked the girl.

"Well, I should have mentioned this before, but I'm actually a taxi driver, and the fare back to town is $25."How do you keep a blonde busy on a rainy day?

Tell her to touch the rainbow.A hunter visited another hunter and was given a tour of his home. In the den was a stuffed lion. 

The visiting hunter asked, "When did you bag him?" 
The host said, "That was three years ago, when I went hunting with my wife." 
"What's he stuffed with?" asked the visiting hunter, and the host said, "My wife."Two blondes rented a boat and fished in a lake every day. One day they caught 30 fish. One blonde said to her friend, 
"Mark this spot so that we can come back here again tomorrow." 
The next day, when they were driving to rent the boat, the same blonde asked her friend, "Did you mark that spot?" 
Her friend replied, "Yeah, I put a big 'X' on the bottom of the boat." 
The first one said, "You stupid fool! What if we don't get that same boat today!?!?"College Entrance Exam, Football-Player Version

Time Limit: 3 Weeks

Name:   _____________________________

1.  What language is spoken in France?

2.  Give a dissertation on the ancient Babylonian Empire with particular reference to architecture, literature, law and social conditions -OR- give the first name of Pierre Trudeau.

3.  Would you ask William Shakespeare to
___ (a) build a bridge
___ (b) sail the ocean
___ (c) lead an army or
___ (d) WRITE A PLAY

4. What religion is the Pope?
___ (a) Jewish
___ (b) Catholic
___ (c) Hindu
___ (d) Polish
___ (e) Agnostic (check only one)

5.  Metric conversion. How many feet is 0.0 meters?

6.  What time is it when the big hand is on the 12 and the little hand is on the 5?

7. How many commandments was Moses given? (approximately)

8.  What are people in America's far north called?
___ (a) Westerners
___ (b) Southerners
___ (c) Northerners

9.  Spell: Bush, Carter, and Clinton
Bush:   __________________________________________
Carter:  __________________________________________
Clinton: __________________________________________

10.  Six kings of England have been called George, the last one being George the Sixth. Name the previous five:

11.  Where does rain come from?
___ (a) Macy's
___ (b) a 7-11
___ (c) Canada
___ (d) the sky

12.  Can you explain Einstein's Theory of Relativity?
___ (a) yes
___ (b) no

13.  What are coat hangers used for?

14.  The Star Spangled Banner is the National Anthem for what country?

15.  Explain Le Chateliers Principle of Dynamic Equilibrium -OR- spell your name in BLOCK LETTERS.

16.  Where is the basement in a three story building located?

17.  Which part of America produces the most oranges?
___ (a) New York
___ (b) Florida
___ (c) Canada
___ (d) Wisconsin

18.  Advanced math. If you have three apples, how many apples do you have?

19.  What does NBC (National Broadcasting Corp.) stand for?

20.  The Cornell University tradition for efficiency began when (approximately)?
___  (a) B.C.
___  (b) A.D.

 * You must correctly answer three or more questions to qualify.Sometimes advertisers get it all wrong. Here are some funny examples of advertising campaigns that ended up being entirely inappropriate.

1. Coors put its slogan, "Turn it loose," into Spanish,
where it was read  as "Suffer from diarrhea".

2. Clairol introduced the "Mist Stick", a curling iron,
into German only  to find out that "mist" is slang for
manure. Not too many people had a  use for
the "manure stick".

3. An American T-shirt maker in Miami printed shirts for the Spanish  market which promoted the Pope's visit. Instead of "I saw the Pope"  (el Papa), the shirts read "I saw the potato" (la papa).

4. Pepsi's "Come alive with the Pepsi Generation"
translated into "Pepsi  brings your ancestors back from the grave", in Chinese.

5. When Gerber started selling baby food in Africa, they used the same  packaging as in the US, with the beautiful Caucasian baby on the  label. Later they learned that in Africa, companies routinely put  pictures on the label of what's inside, since most people can't read.

6. Frank Perdue's chicken slogan, "it takes a strong man to make a tender  chicken" was translated into Spanish as "it takes an aroused man to  make a chicken affectionate".

7. The Coca-Cola name in China was first read as
"Ke-kou-ke-la", meaning  "Bite the wax tadpole" or "female horse stuffed with wax", depending  on the dialect. Coke then researched 40,000 characters to find a  phonetic equivalent "ko-kou-ko-le", translating into "happiness in the  mouth".

8. When Parker Pen marketed a ball-point pen in Mexico, its ads were  supposed to have read, "it won't leak in your pocket and embarrass  you". Instead, the company thought that the word  "embarazar" (to  impregnate) meant to
embarrass, so the ad read: "It won't leak in your  pocket and make you pregnant". OOPS!You're so stupid that when you send a FAX you put a stamp on itThree men were trekking through the desert and came across a magician. The magician was standing at the top of a slide. The magician said, ''You may each go down the slide, asking for a drink. When you reach the bottom of the slide you shall land in a huge glass of that drink."

The first man went down yelling, ''Beeeerrr!!!'' Plop! He landed in a glass of beer. 

The second guy went down the slide yelling,''lemonadeee!!!'' Plop! He landed in a glass of lemonade. 

The third guy went down the slide yelling ''wheeeeeeeee!!!'''APPLICATION FOR PERMISSION TO DATE MY DAUGHTER NOTE: 

This application will be incomplete and rejected unless accompanied by a complete financial statement job history, lineage, and current medical report from your doctor. 

1. NAME _______________________________ DATE OF BIRTH ________________ 

2. HEIGHT ____________________ WEIGHT __________ I.Q _______ G.P.A.______ 

3. SOCIAL SECURITY # _____________ DRIVERS LICENSE # __________________ 

4. BOY SCOUT RANK____________________________________________________ 

5. HOME ADDRESS _________________ CITY/STATE ___________ ZIP _________ 

6. Do you have one MALE and one FEMALE parent?___________________________ If No., EXPLAIN ___________________________________________________ 

7. Number of years your parents have been married ____________________________ 

8. Do you own a van? ______ A truck with oversized tires? ______ A waterbed? _______ Do you have an earring, nose ring, or belly button ring? A tattoo_________________ (If "yes" to any of #8, discontinue application and leave premises ) 

9. In 50 words or less, what does "LATE" mean to you?____________________ _______________________________________________________________________ 

10. In 50 words or less, what does "DON'T TOUCH MY DAUGHTER" mean to you? _________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________ 

11. In 50 words or less, what does 'ABSTINENCE" mean to you? _____________________________________________________________________ 

12. Church you attend _____________ How often do you attend __________________ 

13. When would be the best time to interview your father, mother and priest/rabbi/minister? __________ 

14. Answer by filling in the blank: please answer freely. ALL answers are confidential (That means I won't tell anyone-ever-I promise.)

a) If I were shot the last place on my body I would want wounded is ________ 

b) If I were beaten, the last bone I would want broken is my ________________ 

c) A woman's place is in the ________________________________________ 

d) The one thing I hope this application does not ask me about is _____________ 

e) When I first meet a girl, the first thing I notice about her is her ______________ 

( NOTE: If your answer begins with "T" or "A", discontinue. Leave premises keeping your head low and running in a serpentine fashion is advised.) 

15. What do you want to be IF you grow up? __________________________________ 

I SWEAR THAT ALL INFORMATION SUPPLIED ABOVE IS TRUE AND CORRECT TO THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE UNDER PENALTY OF DEATH, DISMEMBERMENT, NATIVE AMERICAN ANT TORTURE, ELECTROCUTION, CHINESE WATER TORTURE, RED HOT POKERS, AND HILLARY CLINTON KISS TORTURE.

________________________________________ Signature ( That means your name, moron) 

Thank you for your interest Please allow four to six years for processing. You will be notified in writing you are approved. Please do not try to call or write (since you probably can't and it would cause you injury.) if your application is rejected, you will be notified by two gentlemen wearing white ties and carrying violin cases. (You might want to watch your back)Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes.  There's too much fraternizing with the enemy.An old preacher was dying. He sent a message for his IRS agent and his Lawyer (both church
members), to come to his home.

When they arrived, they were ushered up to his bedroom. As they entered the room, the preacher held out his hands and motioned for them to sit on each side of the bed. The preacher grasped their hands, sighed contentedly, smiled and stared at the ceiling. For a time, no one said anything.

 Both the IRS agent and Lawyer were touched and flattered that the old preacher would ask them to be with him during his final moment. They were also puzzled because the preacher had never given any indication that he particularly liked either one of them. Finally, the Lawyer asked, "Preacher, why did you ask the two of us to come?"

The old preacher mustered up some strength, then said weakly, " Jesus died between two thieves, and that's how I want to go, too."A man and his friend are out camping and the first one needs to go to the bathroom and they have no toliet paper so he asks his friend what to do.  His friend says just wipe it with your hand and smack it on a rock.  So the man does so and smacks his hand on a rock and it hurts him really bad, so to reduce the pain he sucks on his hand.A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for three shots of whiskey.  

The bartender asks, "What happened?"  

The guy replies, "I just found out my younger brother is gay."  He finish's his shots and leaves.  

The next day he comes back and orders five shots and the bartender asks, " What happened this time?"  

The man replies, "I just found out my older brother is gay and I always looked up to him."  The man finish's his shots and leaves.  

The next day he comes back and orders twelve shots.  The bartender says, "Doesn't anybody in your family like women?" 

The man replies, " Yea, my mom."Yo mama's so fat, she fell in love and broke it.Two cows were talking in the field. One cow says, "Have you heard about the Mad Cow disease that's going around?"  
The other cow answers, "Yeah, makes you glad we're penguins, doesn't it?"What is the difference between a BMW & a porcupine? 
A porcupine has pricks on the outside.A bear and a rabbit are walking together and they find a magic lamp.  They decide to rub it and a genie comes out.  The genie says, "Thank you for releasing me I will give you both 3 wishes."  

The bear thinks and says, "I wish all the other bears in this forest were lady bears."  Then the rabbit says, "I wish for a little motorcycle that is perfect for me."  The genie grants both wishes.  

Then the bear decides his second will be for all the bears in the country besides him to be female  The rabbit wishes for a little helmet that fits his head and has holes for his ears.  

Then the bear says, "Why not have all the bears in the world be girls." Then the rabbit, thinking quickly, says, "I wish the bear was gay," and speeds off on his motorbike.In Midtown Manhattan a police officer arrives at the scene of what appears to be a bad accident.  A pedestrian is lying in the crosswalk.  The driver of the car under suspicion says, "I swear I didn't touch him! I saw him at the crosswalk, I came to a complete stop, motioned for him to cross, and he fainted."The movie producer was planning his next blockbuster - an action docudrama about famous composers.  So he set up a meeting with Jean-Claude Van Damme, Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger and offered them the chance to select which famous musicians they'd portray.

"Chopin has always been my favorite," said Van Damme.  "That's the part for me."

"I've always admired Mozart," Stallone said.  "I'd love to play him."

The producer turned to Schwarzenegger. "And you, Arnold?  Who do you want to be?"

There was a long silence, then he replied, "I'll be Bach."The sky was dark
the moon was high
all alone
just her and I
Her hair was so soft
Her eyes so blue
I knew just what
she wanted to do
her skin so soft
her legs so fine
I ran my fingers
down her spine
I didn't know how
But I tried my best
I started by placing
my hand on her breast
I remember my fear
My fast beating heart
but slowly she spread
her legs apart,
and when I did it
I felt no shame
and all at once
the white stuff came
At last it's finished
it's all over now
my first time ever
at milking a cowThat sometimes when you cry, no one sees your tears. 

Sometimes when you're sad, no one understands your pain. 

Sometimes when you're happy, no one sees your smile. 

But you just have to fart once, and EVERYBODY knows.Seminars for Females (Prepared and presented by Males)

1.  Elementary map reading
2.  Crying and law enforcement
3.  Advanced math seminar: Programming your VCR
4.  You can go shopping for less than 4 hours
5.  Gaining five pounds vs. the end of the world: A study in contrast.
6.  PMS: It's your problem, not mine ("It's happened monthly since puberty-deal with it.")
7.  Driving I. Getting past automatic transmissions
8.  Driving II. The meaning of blinking orange lights
9.  Driving III. Approximating a constant speed
10. Driving IV. Makeup and Driving; it's as simple as oil and water
11. Football: Not a game; a sacrament
12. Telephone Translations (Formerly titled, "Me too" equals "I love you")
13. How to earn your own money
14. Gift giving fundamentals (Formerly titled, "Fabric bad, electronics good")
15. Putting the seat down by yourself: Potential energy is on your side
16. Beyond "Clean and Dirty" - The nuances of wearable laundry
17. Yes, you can fill up at a self service station
18. Joys of the remote control; Reaping the benefits of 50 channels
19. What comes around, goes around: Why his credit card is not a toy
20. His best friend can be yours too
21. His poker games: Deal yourself out
22. Commitment Schmittment (Formerly titled, "Wedlock Schmedlock")
23. To honor and obey: Remembering the small print above "I do"
24. Why your mother is unwelcome in the house
25. Your mate: selfish bastard, or victimized sensitive man?Seminars For Males (Prepared and Presented by Females)

1.  Combatting stupidity
2.  You too can do housework
3.  PMS: Learn when to keep your mouth shut
4.  How to fill an ice tray
5.  We do not want sleazy underthings for Christmas: give us
money
6.  Understanding the female response to your coming in drunk at 4am
7.  Wonderful laundry techniques (formerly titled, "Don't wash my silks")
8.  Parenting: It doesn't end with conception
9.  Get a life; learn to cook
10. How not to act like a jackass when you're obviously wrong
11. Spelling: Even you can get it right
12. Understanding your financial incompetence
13. You: The weaker sex
14. Reasons to give flowers
15. How to stay awake in public
16. Why it is unacceptable to relieve yourself anywhere but the bathroom
17. Garbage: Getting it to the curb
18. You can fall asleep without it if you really try
19. The morning dilemma if IT is awake: Take a shower
20. I'll wear it if I damn well please
21. How to put the toilet lid down (formerly titled "No, it's not a bidet")
22. "The weekend" and "sports" are not synonyms
23. Give me a break: Why we know your excuses are bull
24. How to go shopping with your mate and not get lost
25. The remote control: Overcoming your dependency
26. Romanticism: Ideas other than sex
27. Helpful postural hints for couch potatoes
28. Mothers-in-law: They are people too
29. Male bonding: Leaving your friends at home
30. You too can be a designated driver
31. Seeing the true you (formerly titled, "You don't look like Mel Gibson when naked")
32. Changing your underwear: It really works
33. The attainable goal: removing "tits" from your vocabulary
34. Fluffing the blankets after flatulating is not necessary
35.  Techniques for calling home before you leave workDid you hear about the sailor who died, and wanted to be buried at sea by his 5 blonde daughters?

His daughters all drowned digging the grave.A redneck is walking along the beach in France. There are many beautiful women lying in the sun, and he really wants to meet one. But try as he might, the women don't seem to be at all interested. Finally, as a last resort, he walks up to a French guy lying on the beach who is surrounded by adoring women.
"Excuse me," he says, taking the guy aside, "but I've been trying to meet one of those women for about an hour now, and I just can't seem to get anywhere with them. You're French. You know these women. What do they want?"
"Maybe I can help a leetle beet," says the Frenchman. "What you do ees you go to zee store. You buy a leetle bikini sweeming suit. You walk up and down zee beach. You meet girl very qweekly zees way."
"Wow! Thanks!" says the redneck, and off he goes to the store. He buys a skimpy red bathing suit, puts it on, and goes back to the beach. He parades up and down the beach but still has no luck with the ladies.
So he goes back to the Frenchman. "I'm sorry to bother you again," he says, "but I went to the store, I got a swimsuit, and I still haven't been able to meet a girl."
"Okay," says the Frenchman, "I tell you what you do. You go to zee store. You buy potato. You put potato in sweeming suit and walk up and down zee beach. You will meet girl very, very qweekly zees way."
"Thanks!" says the guy, and runs off to the store. He buys the potato, puts it in the swimsuit, and marches up and down the beach. Up and down, up and down he walks, but the women will hardly even look at him. After half an hour he can't take it any more and goes back to the Frenchman.
"Look," he says, "I got the suit, I put the potato in it, and I walked up and down the beach-- and still nothing! What more can I do?"
"Well," says the Frenchman, "maybe I can help you a leetle beet. Why don't you try moving zee potato to the FRONT of zee sweeming suit?"A couple is having a nice dinner at a local restaurant, having a good time telling blonde jokes. Suddenly a blonde approached them and slapped her hand down on the table. She angrily tells them that she can take a blonde joke as well as the next person, but it isn't nice to keep bashing them in public.
The couple apologize and changes the topic.
A few minutes later the woman needs to go to the restroom, so she goes off, and she is followed by the blonde.
After 10 minutes the blonde comes out frusturated, and storms out the front door. The woman calmly comes out and sits down at her table.
The man asks what happened in there.
The woman replies, "Well, as I was washing my hands, the blonde came in and pulled a razor on me!"
The man replies, "Oh my god, what happened?"
The woman bursts out laughing, "Well, nothing, luckily she didn't find a place to plug it in!"You're so poor I went in your front door and came out the back.Why did the boy eat his homework? 
Because his teacher said it was a piece of cakeThe owner of a drug store walks in to find a guy leaning heavily against a wall. The owner asks the clerk, "What's with that guy over there by the wall?" 
The clerk says, "Well, he came in here this morning to get something for his cough. I couldn't find the cough syrup, so I gave him an entire bottle of laxative." 

The owner says, "You idiot! You can't treat a cough with laxatives!" 

The clerk says, "Oh yeah? Look at him, he's afraid to cough!"A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office covered only in Saran Wrap. He says to the doctor, "I've felt so weird lately, Doc, can you tell me what's wrong?" 
The doctor replied, "Well, I can clearly see your nuts!"Why don't you slip into something comfortable.

Like a coma.I haven't seen anyone run that fast since Twinkies went on sale.Blondes are like a rollercoaster, everyone gets a ride!!!1. A man will pay $2 for a $1 item he wants. A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she doesn't want.

2. A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.

3. A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.

4. To be happy with a man you must understand him a lot & love him a little. To be happy with a woman you must love her a lot & not try to understand her at all.

5. Married men live longer than single men - but married men are a lot more willing to die.

6. Any married man should forget his mistakes - there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.

7. Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed. Women somehow deteriorate during the night.

8. A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change & she does.

9. A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.

10. There are 2 times when a man doesn't understand a woman - before marriage & after marriage.Dear Tech Support: 
Last year I upgraded from Boyfriend 5.0 to Husband 1.0 and noticed a slow down in the overall performance, particularly in the flower and jewellery applications that had operated flawlessly under Boyfriend 5.0. In addition, Husband 1.0 uninstalled many other valuable programs, such as Romance 9.5 and Personal Attention 6.5, but installed undesirable programs such as NFL 5.0 and NBA 3.0. and now Conversation 8.0 no longer runs and Housecleaning 2.6 simply crashes the system. I've tried running Nagging 5.3 to fix these problems, but to no avail. What can I do? 
Desperate 
******************************************** 
Dear Desperate: 
First keep in mind, Boyfriend 5.0 is an entertainment package,while Husband 1.0 is an operating system. Try to enter the command: C:/I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME and download Tears 6.2 to install Guilt 3.0. If all works as designed, Husband 1.0 should then automatically run the applications Jewellery 2.0 and Flowers 3.5. But remember, overuse can cause Husband 1.0 to default to Grumpy Silence 2.5, Happy Hour 7.0, or Beer 6.1. Beer 6.1 is a very bad program that will create Snoring Loudly. WAV files. Whatever you do, DO NOT install Mother-in-law 1.0 or reinstall another Boyfriend program. 
These are not supported applications and will crash Husband 1.0. 
In summary, Husband 1.0 is a great program, but it does have a limited memory and cannot learn new applications quickly. You might consider buying additional software to improve memory and performance. I personally recommend Hot Food 3.0 and Lingerie 7.7. 
Good Luck, 
Tech Support.A newly married man was discussing his honeymoon. He says to his buddy at lunch, "Last night, I rolled over, tapped my beautiful young wife on the shoulder, gave her a wink, and we had ourselves a performance! Later that night, about 2 o'clock, I rolled over, gave my sweetie a nudge, and we had ourselves another performance. Well, being so newly married and not yet tired of the task, I waited quietly in bed while my beauty slept until I couldn't wait any longer. It was 4 o'clock when I gave her a little nudge. She opened her blue eyes and smiled sweetly. We immediately had ourselves a rehearsal." 
"A rehearsal?" his buddy asks, "Don't you mean a performance?" 

"No, because a rehearsal is when nobody comes."Far away in the tropical waters of the Caribbean, two prawns were swimming around in the sea - one called Justin and the other called Christian. The prawns were constantly being harassed and threatened by sharks that patrolled the area. 

Finally one day Justin said to Christian, "I'm bored and frustrated at being a prawn, I wish I was a shark, then I wouldn't have any worries about being eaten..."

As Justin had his mind firmly on becoming a predator, a mysterious cod appears and says, "Your wish is granted," and lo and behold, Justin turned into a shark. 

Horrified, Christian immediately swam away, afraid of being eaten by his old mate.

Time went on and Justin found himself becoming bored and lonely as a shark. All his old mates simply swam away whenever he came close to them. Justin didn't realise that his new menacing appearance was the cause of his sad plight. 

While out swimming alone one day he sees the mysterious cod again and can't believe his luck. Justin figured that the fish could change him back into a prawn. He begs the cod to change him back so, lo and behold,he is turned back into a prawn.

With tears of joy in his tiny little eyes, Justin swam back to his friends and bought them all a cocktail. Looking around the gathering at the reef, he searched for his old pal. 

"Where's Christian?" he asked.

"He's at home, distraught that his best friend changed sides to the enemy and became a shark," came the reply.

Eager to put things right again and end the mutual pain and torture, he set off to Christian's house. As he opened the coral gate the memories came flooding back. He banged on the door and shouted, "It's me, Justin, your old friend, come out and see me again."
 
Christian replied "No way man, you'll eat me. You're a shark, the enemy and I'll not be tricked."
 
Justin cried back "No, I'm not. That was the old me. I've changed."

"I've found Cod. I'm a prawn again, Christian!"The 6th grade science teacher, Mrs. Parks, asked her class, "Which human body part increases to ten times its size when stimulated?"

No one answered until little Mary stood up, angry, and said, "You should not be asking sixth-graders a question like that! I'm going to tell my parents, and they will go and tell the principal, who will then fire you!"

With a sneer on her face, she then sat back down.

Mrs. Parks ignored her and asked the question again, "Which body part increases to 10 times its size when stimulated?"

Little Mary's mouth fell open; then she said to those around her, "Boy, is she going to get in big trouble!"

The teacher continued to ignore her and said to the class, "Anybody?"

Finally, Billy stood up, looked around nervously, and said, "The body part that increases 10 times its size when stimulated is the pupil of the eye."

Mrs. Parks said, "Very good, Billy," then turned to Mary and continued, "As for you, young lady, I have three things to say:

One, you have a dirty mind,
Two, you didn't read your homework, and
Three, one day you are going to be very, very disappointed."On a golf tour in Ireland , Tiger Woods drives his BMW into a petrol station in a remote part of the Irish countryside. The pump attendant, obviously knows nothing about golf, greets him in a typical Irish manner completely unaware of who the golfing pro is. "Top of the mornin' to yer, sir" says the attendant. Tiger nods a quick "hello" and bends forward to pick up the nozzle. As he does so, two tees fall out of his shirt pocket onto the ground. "What are those?" asks the attendant. "They're called tees" replies Tiger. "Well, what on the good earth are they for?" inquires the Irishman. "They're for resting my balls on when I'm driving" says Tiger. "Frickin 'eck" says the Irishman, "BMW thinks of everything!".What do you call an Irishman sitting in your backyard?

Paddy O'FurnitureA tutor who tooted the flute
Tried to teach two young tooters to toot
Said the two to the tutor
Is it harder to toot or
To tutor two tooters to toot?Broccoli, while not exoccoli,
Is within an inach of being spinach.Q. What's worse than raining cats and dogs?

A. Hailing taxicabs!A little girl got on her grandpa's lap and said, "Did God make me?" 
"Yes," the grandpa replied. 

"Did God make you, too?" 

"Yes," the grandpa said. 

"Well," the little girl said, while running her fingers down his wrinkles and looking at his thinning hair, "He sure is doing a better job nowadays."A 7-year-old and his 4-year-old brother are upstairs in their bedroom. The 7-year-old is explaining that it is high time that the two of them begin swearing. When his little brother responds enthusiastically, the 7-year old says, ''When we go downstairs for breakfast this morning, I'll say 'hell' and you say 'ass'.'' 

The 4-year-old happily agrees. 
As the two boys are seating themselves at the breakfast table, their mother walks in and asks her older son what he would like to eat for breakfast. The 7-year-old replies, ''Aw hell, Mom, I'll just have some Cheerios." 

The surprised mother reacts quickly and whacks him one. The boy runs upstairs, bawling and rubbing his behind. With a sterner note in her voice, the mother then asks the younger son, ''And what would YOU like for breakfast?'' 

''I don't know,'' the 4-year-old blubbers, ''but you can bet your ASS it's not gonna be Cheerios!''Little Johnny came running into the house and asked, "Mommy, can little girls have babies?"

"No," said his mom, "Of course not." 

Little Johnny then ran back outside and his mom heard him yell to his friends, "It's okay, we can play that game again!"Q: Why did the blonde get pulled over by the police? 
A: Her headlights weren't working, so she was flashing peopleSome useful descriptions of people you may come into contact with from day to day.
1. Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
2. Got into the gene pool while the lifeguard wasn't watching.
3. A room temperature IQ.
4. Got a full 6-pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold them together.
5. A photographic memory, but the lens cover is glued on.
6. A prime candidate for natural de-selection.
7. Bright as Alaska in December.
8. During evolution, his ancestors were in the control group.
9. Fell out of the family tree.
10. Gates are down, the lights are flashing, but the train isn't coming.
11. Has two brains; one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
12. He's so dense, light bends around him.
13. If he were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week.
14. If you stand close enough to him, you can hear the ocean.
15. It's hard to believe that he beat 100,000 other sperm.
16. Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, but he just gargled.
17. Takes him a hour-and-a-half to watch "60 Minutes".
18. One burger short of a happy meal.Did you hear about the accident at the mall?

There was a power outage and a group of blondes was stuck on the escalator for 3 hours!In order to be a guy, a guy must follow the following rules at all times without question:

Any Man who brings a camera to a bachelor party may be legally killed and eaten by his fellow partygoers. 

Under no circumstances may two men share an umbrella. 

It is ok for a man to cry under the following circumstances: 
a. When a heroic dog dies to save it's master 
b. The moment Angelina Jolie starts unbuttoning her blouse 
c. After wrecking your boss' Ferrari 
d. One hour, 12 minutes, 37 seconds into The Crying Game 

Unless he murdered someone in your family, you must bail a friend out of jail within 12 hours. 

Acceptable excuse for not helping a friend move: Your legs have been severed in a freak threshing accident. 

If you've known a guy for more than 24 hours, his sister is off limits forever, unless you actually marry her. 

The maximum amount of time you have to wait for a guy who's running late is 5 minutes. Maximum. 

Complaining about the brand of free beer in a buddy's fridge is forbidden. Gripe at will if the temperature is unsuitable. 

No man shall ever be required to buy a birthday present for another man. (in fact, even remembering your buddy's birthday is strictly optional). 

When stumbling upon other guys watching a sporting event, you may always ask the score of the game in progress, but you may never ask who's playing. 

It is permissible to quaff a fruity chick drink only when you're sunning on a tropical beach....and it's delivered by a topless supermodel...and it's free. 

Unless you're in prison, never fight naked. 

Friends don't let friends wear Speedos. Ever. Issue closed. 

If a man's zipper is down, that's his problem---you didn't see nothin'. 

Women who claim they "love to watch sports" must be treated as spies until they demonstrate knowledge of the game and the ability to pick a buffalo wing clean. 

You must offer heartfelt and public condolences over the death of a girlfriend's cat, even if it was you who secretly set it on fire and threw it into a ceiling fan. 

Never join your girlfriend or wife in dissing a buddy of yours, except if she's withholding sex pending your response. 

Never talk to a man in a bathroom unless you are on equal footing: both urinating, both waiting in line, etc. For all other situations, an almost imperceptible nod is all the conversation you need. 

You cannot rat out a coworker who shows up at work with a massive hangover. You may however, hide the aspirin, smear his chair with limburger cheese, turn the brightness dial all the way down so he thinks his monitor is broken, and have him paged over the loudspeaker every seven minutes. 

Finally...Always split aces and eights. No arguments!Why it's better to be a Woman!

1. We got off the Titanic first. 
2. We get to flirt with systems support men who always return our calls, and are nice to us when we blow up our computers. 
3. Our boyfriend's clothes make us look elfin & gorgeous. Guys look like complete idiots in ours. 
4. We can be groupies. Male groupies are stalkers. 
5. We can cry and get off speeding fines. 
6. We've never lusted after a cartoon character or the central female figure in a computer game. 
7. Taxis stop for us. 
8. Men die earlier, so we get to cash in on the life insurance. 
9. We don't look like a frog in a blender when dancing. 
10. Free drinks, Free dinners, Free movies ... (you get the point). 
11. We can hug our friends without wondering if she thinks we're gay. 
12. We can hug our friends without wondering if WE'RE gay. 
13. New lipstick gives us a whole new lease on life. 
14. It's possible to live our whole lives without ever taking a group shower. 
15. We don't have to fart to amuse ourselves. 
16. If we forget to shave, no one has to know. 
17. We can congratulate our team-mate without ever touching her butt. 
18. If we have a zit, we know how to conceal it. 
19. We never have to reach down every so often to make sure our privates are still there. 
20. If we're dumb, some people will find it cute. 
21. We don't have to memorize Caddyshack or Fletch to fit in. 
22. We have the ability to dress ourselves. 
23. We can talk to people of the opposite sex without having to picture them naked. 
24. If we marry someone 20 years younger, we're aware that we look like an idiot. 
25. Our friends won't think we're weird if we ask whether there's spinach in our teeth. 
26. There are times when chocolate really can solve all your problems. 
27. We'll never regret piercing our ears. 
28. We can fully assess a person just by looking at their shoes. 
29. We know which glass was ours by the lipstick mark. 
30. We have enough sense to realize that the easiest way to get out of being lost is to ask for directions.Pity us men......... 

If you put a woman on a pedestal and try to protect her from the rat race, you're a male chauvinist. 
If you stay home and do the housework, you're a sissy. 

If you work too hard, there is never any time for her. 
If you don't work enough, you're a good-for-nothing bum. 

If she has a boring repetitive job with low pay, this is exploitation. 
If you have a boring repetitive job with low pay, you should get off your but and find something better. 

If you get a promotion ahead of her, that is favoritism. 
If she gets a job ahead of you, it's equal opportunity. 

If you mention how nice she looks, it's sexual harassment. 
If you keep quiet, it's male indifference. 

If you cry, you're a wimp. 
If you don't, you're an insensitive jerk. 

If you thump her, it's wife bashing. 
If she thumps you, it's self defense. 

If you make a decision without consulting her, you're a chauvinist. 
If she makes a decision without consulting you, she's a liberated woman. 

If you ask her to do something she doesn't enjoy, that's domination. 
If she asks you, it's a favor. 

If you appreciate the female form and frilly underwear, you're a pervert. 
If you don't, you're gay. 

If you like a woman to shave her legs and keep in shape, you're sexist. 
If you don't, you're unromantic. 

If you try to keep yourself in shape, you're vain. 
If you don't, you're a slob. 

If you buy her flowers, you're after something. 
If you don't, you're not thoughtful. 

If you're proud of your achievements, you're up on yourself. 
If you don't, you're not ambitious. 

If she has a headache, she's tired. 
If you have a headache, you don't love her anymore. 

If you want it too often, you're oversexed. 
If you don't, there must be someone else.1...Silence, the final frontier - Where no woman has gone before. 
2...The undiscovered side of Banking - How to make deposits. 
3...Combatting the Imelda Marcos Syndrome - You don't need new shoes everyday. 
4...Learn how not to inflict your diets on other people. 
5...Nag Nag Nag - how to overcome your tendency to be a fish wife. 
6...An invitation to a party does not mean that you have to have a new outfit. 
7...Man Management - Discover how the garbage can wait until after the game. 
8...Personal Space - Leaving at least enough space in the bathroom cupboard for your partner's toothbrush. 
9...Valuation - Just because it's not important to you. 
10..Communication Skills I - Tears as the last resort and not the first. 
11..Communication Skills II - How to think before speaking. 
12..What he really wants - Is buying the right razor blades so difficult? 
13..Driving a car safely - A skill you can also acquire. 
14..Real women drink their share at a party. 
15..Telephones - How to hang up. 
16..Parking - Beginner's Course. 
17..Parking (Advanced) - Reversing into a parking space. 
18..The Natural Habitat of the Towel - Why they prefer the floor. 
19..Managing your weight - It's not water retention, it's fat. 
20..Learning to cook I - Bran in not food. 
21..Learning to cook II - Bringing back bacon and eggs. 
22..Compliments - How to accept them gracefully.It was the first day of college, and time for the usual 'authoritative declaration of the not to be broken rules'. The principal, in typical intimidating fashion, addressed the students:

"The female dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all male students. The male dormitory will be out-of-bounds for all the female students". The principal, sensing he was on a roll, stood tall and powerful as he covered the punishments for breaking the rules. "Be wary, anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $20. It doesn't stop there though, anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $60. Being caught a third time will cost you $180. Are there any questions?" 

"How much for a season pass?"A guy was standing in front of the gorilla cage at his local zoo when along came a gust of wind which swept some dust into his eye. The guy rubbed his eyelid which sent the gorilla crazy. He bent open the bars, and beat the guy senseless.

When the guy finally came to his senses, he reported the incident to the zookeeper. The zookeeper nodded knowingly as he explained that pulling down your eyelid means "screw you" in gorilla language. Obviously this didn't make the victim feel all that compensated for what had happened so he vowed revenge. 

The next day, shopping list in hand, he purchased two large knives, two party hats, two party horns, and a large sausage. Placing the sausage in his pants, off he hurried to the zoo and went right up to the gorilla's cage where he opened up his bag of goodies. Of course he knew that gorillas were natural mimics so he proceeded to put on one of the party hats. As expected, the gorilla looked at him, reached through the bars, grabbed a hat from the bag, and put it on. 

Next, the guy picked up his horn and blew on it. The gorilla reached out, picked up the other horn, and did the same. Finally, the man picked up his knife, whipped the sausage out of his pants, and sliced it in half. The gorilla looked at the knife, looked at his own crotch, looked at the man, and pulled down his eyelid.There was once this guy who was on a quest to cross the Sahara desert solo, we will call him Simon, for that is a good name for a camel rider. Well he started out and things were going along just fine for weeks, however gradually he noticed a change in his camel, slowly but surely it seemed to be traveling slower and slower. 

It had been a while since he had drunk water but camels were supposed to be able to survive for long periods without water he thought to himself. Well eventually the poor ol' camel just stopped altogether. 

"Great!" thought Simon, "now I'm really in trouble". After some time trying to pull the camel, push the camel and do anything he could to get the camel moving, he was resigned to the fact that he wasn't going anywhere fast.

Suddenly, almost out of nowhere this guy comes driving up to him in a small truck with a sign on the side "Camel Starters R US". Well Simon couldn't believe his luck. "This is unbelievable!" he says as the truck approaches. 

The driver leans out the window and says "Got some camel trouble there buddy?" The reply was swift, "Sure have, can you help?." "Sure I can," says the driver and before you know it he has the camel up on the back of the truck and he says to Simon "Hop in."

After a bit of a drive they arrive at what appears to be the Camel Starters R US workshop. The driver loads the camel onto the mechanics 'pit' and proceeds down underneath to look at the underside of the camel. "Yep, I can see what the problem is there I'll have your camel started in no time matey.  Sometimes they just get a bit disoriented and lose their way, but we know the trick to get 'em going again, don't you worry." "Fantastic" Simon replies. 

The driver then grabs a couple of bricks extends his arms out horizontally and brings them together in a mighty thump right on the camels balls. VRRRROOOOOOOMMMMMMMM... the camel is gone in a plume of dust. "Incredible, look at him go!" says Simon "But I just have one problem, the camel is definitely started, but how the heck am I going to catch him?" The driver responds, "Hop up on that stand for me son."Hear about the new sushi bar that caters exclusively to lawyers? 
It's called, Sosumi.Q: What do you call one lawyer thrown off a bridge into a river?

A: Pollution. 


Q: What do you call all the lawyers thrown off a bridge? 

A: Solution.There was a lawyer and he was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and his wife was sitting by his side. His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wife had never heard him say that so she stayed by his side. A couple minutes later his eyes fluttered open and he said "You're cute!" Well, the wife was disappointed because instead of "beautiful" it was "cute."

She said, "What happened to 'beautiful?'"

 His reply was, "The drugs are wearing off!"-Good girls loosen a few buttons when it's hot. 
-Bad girls make it hot by loosening a few buttons. 

-Good girls only own one credit card and rarely use it. 
-Bad girls only own one bra and rarely use it. 

-Good girls wax their floors. 
-Bad girls wax their bikini lines. 

-Good girls blush during love scenes in a movie. 
-Bad girls know they could do it better. 

-Good girls think they're not fully dressed without a strand of pearls. 
-Bad girls think they're fully dressed with just a strand of pearls. 

-Good girls wear high heels to work. 
-Bad girls wear high heels to bed. 

-Good girls say, ''Don't... Stop...'' 
-Bad girls say, ''Don't Stop...''One night a father sent his kid to bed. Five minutes later the boy screamed, ''Dad! Can you get me a glass of water!?!'' 

''No. You had your chance.'' 

A minute later the boy screamed ''Dad!! Can you get me a glass of water?'' 

''No. You had your chance. Next time you ask I'll come up there and spank you.'' 

''Dad! When you come up to spank me can you bring me a glass of water?''A guy with two black eyes walks into church one Sunday. The priest notices him and is very concerned. 
"What happened, my child?" 
"I was singing in the choir, Father, and I noticed that the girl in front of me had a wedgie, so I pulled it out, and she punched me in the eye." 
"Okay; how did you get the other black eye?" 
"Well, I thought I'd done something wrong, so I put her wedgie back."A lawyer was having a nice peacful time at home one day when the phone rang. He answered it and it was a man asking for donations towards a charity.

The lawyer tries to tell the man politely that he wouldn't donate. But the man kept pushing and pushing. The man said over the phone, "But Sir, I know for a fact you are a very wealthy lawyer, you make tons of money each year, and as I look over this information sheet I don't see any donations you have made to any charities in the last five years. Don't you think it's time you gave something back to the community that's treated you so well?"

The lawyers now pissed replies, "Look! I have a sick mother who requires an expensive surgery, my brother is handicapped and needs money to install ramps into his home so he can get back to a normal life, my sister needs money to get her dog an operation, and my father was injured on the job and now they're repossessing his house unless he comes up with $5000 by the end of the week."

The man over the phone stammers, "I-I-I'm sorry sir. I had no idea that many people needed money from you."

The lawyers replies, "Damn right! And if they can't get me to give them a dime, what makes you think you stand a chance??"Yo Mama's so fat the only thing stopping her from getting into Jenny Craig is the door!A blond guy and a brunette girl were happily married and about to have a baby. One day, the wife started having contractions, so the husband rushed her to the hospital. He held her hand as she went through a trying birth, and in the end, there were two little baby boys.

The blond guy turned to his wife and angrily said, "All right, who's the other father?"Knock-knock
Who's there?
Joe
Joe who?
Jo mamaI would punch you but I couldn't make you any uglier.Knock-knock
Whose there?
Says
Says who?
Says meAn older couple is lying in bed one morning, having just awakened from a good night's sleep. He takes her hand and she responds, "Don't touch me!" 
 
"Why not?" he asks. 
She answers back, "Because I'm dead." 
 
The husband says, "What are you talking about? We're both lying here in bed together and talking to one another." 
 
She says, "No, I'm definitely dead." 
He insists, "You're not dead. What in the world makes you think you're dead?" 
 
"Because nothing hurts."Hillary Clinton goes to a primary school to talk about the world. After hertalk she offers question time. One little boy puts up his hand, and the Senator asks him what his name is. 

"Billy," the lad replies. 
  
"And what is your question, Billy?" asks the Senator. 
  
I actually have three questions. First - whatever happened to your medical health care plan? Second -why would you run for President after your husband shamed the office? And third - whatever happened to all those things you took when you left the White House?" 
  
Just then the bell rings for recess. Hillary Clinton informs the kiddies that they will continue after recess. 

When they resume Hillary says, "Okay where were we? Oh, that's right, question time. Who has a question?" 
  
A different little boy puts his hand up; Hillary points him out and asks him what his name is. 

"Larry," replies the boy. 
  
"And what is your question?" she asks. 
  
"I have five questions. First - whatever happened to your medical health care plan? Second - why would you run for President after your husband shamed the office? Third - whatever happened to all those things you tookwhen you left the White House?  Fourth - why did the recess bell go off 20 minutes early? And fifth - what happened to Billy????Q: What's invisible and smells like carrots?
 
A: Bunny farts!Two children were in a doctor's waiting room.
The little girl was softly sobbing. 
"Why are you crying?" asked the little boy. 

"I'm here for a blood test, and they're going to cut my finger," said the girl. 

When he heard this, the little boy started to cry. 

"Why are you crying?" asked the girl. 

The boy looked at her worriedly and said, "I'm here for a urine test."What is Beethoven doing today?
-Decomposing.An Ontario coupling were on vacation, driving around the province of Nova Scotia.  At noon, they arrived at the town of Tatamagouche.  The two began to bicker about the pronunication of the town's name.  The husband suggested that they stop for lunch and ask.

At the restaurant, they placed their order.  The wife asks, "Excuse me, but could you slowly pronounce the name of this place?"

The employee looks surprised, but complies.

"Bur ... ger ... King"


(BTW the town's name is pronounced Tat ah mah goosh)One Sunday morning a little girl in her Sunday best was running so she wouldn't be late for church. As she ran she kept praying, "Dear God, please don't let me be late to church. Please don't let me be late to church...." And, as she was running she tripped and fell. 

When she got back up she began praying again, Please, God don't let me be late to church -- but don't shove me either!According to a news report, a certain private school in Washington recently was faced with a unique problem. A number of 12-year-old girls were beginning to use lipstick and would put it on in the bathroom. 
That was fine, but after they put on their lipstick they would press their lips to the mirror leaving dozens of little lip prints. 

Every night, the maintenance man would remove them and the next day, the girls would put them back. Finally the principal decided that something had to be done. She called all the girls to the bathroom and met them there with the maintenance man. She explained that all these lip prints were causing a major problem for the custodian who had to clean the mirrors every night. 

To demonstrate how difficult it had been to clean the mirrors, she asked the maintenance man to show the girls how much effort was required. He took out a long-handled squeegee, dipped it in the toilet, and cleaned the mirror with it. Since then, there have been no lip prints on the mirror. 

There are teachers, and then there are educators...There was a little boy named Johnny who used to hang out at the local corner market. The owner didn't know what Johnny's problem was, but the boys would constantly tease him.
They would always comment that he was two bricks shy of a load, or two pickles short of a barrel. To prove it, sometimes they would offer Johnny his choice between a nickel (5 cents) and a dime (10 cents) and John would always take the nickel - they said, because it was bigger.

One day after John grabbed the nickel, the store owner took him aside and said, "Johnny, those boys are making fun of you. They think you don't know the dime is worth more than the nickel. Are you grabbing the nickel because it's bigger, or what?"

Slowly, Johnny turned toward the store owner and a big grin appeared on his face and Johnny said, "Well, if I took the dime, they'd stop doing it, and so far I have saved $20!"A magician was working on a cruise ship in the Caribbean. The audience would be different each week, so the magician allowed himself to do the same tricks over and over again. 

There was only one problem - the captain's parrot saw the shows each week and began to understand how the magician did every trick. Once he understood he started shouting in the middle of the show, "Look, it's not the same hat." 

"Look, he is hiding the flowers under the table." 

"Hey, why are all the cards the Ace of Spades?" 

The magician was furious but couldn't do anything; after all, it WAS the captain's parrot. One stormy day the ship had an accident and sank. The magician found himself adrift on a piece of wood in the middle of the ocean... of course, the parrot was adrift on this same very piece of wood with him. 

They stared at each other with hatred, but did not utter a word. This went on for a day... then another ... and then another. After almost three days the parrot finally says, "OK, I give up. Where the heck is the boat?"You might be a redneck if your baby's first words were, "Attention, K-mart shoppers!"Boy: Will you punish me for something I
didn't do? 

Teacher: Of course not! 

Boy: Good cause I didn't do my homework!An 83-year old woman decided that she'd seen and done everything, and the time had come to depart from this world. 
After considering various methods of doing away with herself, she came to the conclusion that the quickest and surest method would be to shoot herself through the heart. The trouble was, she wasn't certain about exactly where her heart was, so she phoned her doctor and asked him. He told her that her heart was located two inches below her left nipple. 

So she shot herself in the left kneecap.Five surgeons were taking a coffee break and discussing their work. 

"I think accountants are the easiest to operate on," said the first surgeon. "You open them up and everything inside is numbered." 

"I think librarians are the easiest to operate on," said the second. "You open them up and everything inside is in alphabetical order." 

"I like to operate on electricians," said the third. "You open them up and everything inside is color-coded." 

"I like to operate on lawyers," said the fourth. "They're heartless, spineless, gutless, and their heads and their asses are interchangeable." 

"I like engineers," said the fifth. "They always understand when you have a few parts left over at the end..."Beckham went into training one day and saw Owen with a thermo-flask. He asked him what it was for and Owen said "It keeps hot things hot, and cold things cold". 

The next day Beckham came into training with a thrmo-flask. So Owen asked him what he had in it. He said "well you said it kept hot things hot, and cold things cold so Posh told me to put in some coffee and enough choc-ices for the lads but when I looked into the thermo-flask, when I got here, the choc-ices had melted!"A little boy was watching a handyman at work on the upper story of a house.  Suddenly the man drops a hammer, and comes down the ladder to retrieve it.

The little boy calls out, "My daddy would have two hammers so he wouldn't have to come the ladder when he dropped one."

The handyman says, "Yeah, that's great, kid", and climbs back up the ladder and returns to work.  Within a few minutes, he drops his screwdriver, and comes back down the ladder.

The little boy calls out again, "My daddy would have two screwdrivers so he wouldn't have to come down the ladder when he dropped one."

The handyman mutters something and returns up the ladder.  A few minutes later, the man realizes he has to go to the bathroom. Unfortunately, he has no way into the house, so he climbs down the ladder and goes behind a bush.  

When he's finishing up, he notices that the little boy has followed him. "I suppose your daddy has two of these too?" he asked.

"Nope," says the little boy, "but my daddy's is twice as big!"A man's car broke down in the middle of the Nullarbor plain (in other words : middle of nowhere). There was not another car in sight, so he started walking...
Three hours later no cars had passed and he was getting very, very thirsty. Just then a man riding a kangaroo bounced up. 
"Want to buy a tie?" he asked.
"No! Water - quick, help, water."
"Sorry, I've only got ties." and the man and roo bounded off.

Hours later, the stranded man was still staggering along - desperate now for a drink. Another man (and another kangaroo) bounded up to him.
"Water, help I need water." gasped the stranded man.
"Oh, wouldn't you like to buy a tie?" said the mounted man.
"No! Water - quick, help water!"
"Sorry mate, I can do you with a nice polka dot or a paisley or even a hand painted lady - but can't help with water." and off he went.

The man was crawling now, inch by inch he clambered over the baked desert soil. Then he noticed a shimmering in the distance. It looked like a big building. He crawled slowly towards it even though he was sure it was a mirage. But the building became more and more solid looking. Could it be? Yes, it was a giant R.S.L. club there in the middle of nowhere. The man spent his last effort and crawled desperately to the door where he gasped to the doorman, "Let me in, I need water!"
Sorry mate," said the doorman, "I can't let you in without a tie."A man speaks frantically into the phone, "My wife is pregnant, and her contractions are only two minutes apart!"
"Is this her first child?" the doctor queries.
"No, you idiot!" the man shouts. "This is her husband!"One day when Jimmy was at school, the teacher told him that for his homework he had to write out the first three letters of the alphabet.

When he went home he was struggling so decided to ask his mum.  His mum was in the kitchen cutting the salad when he asked her "Mum, what is the first letter of the alphabet?"
Just as he had finished asking this question his mum sliced her finger open and shouted "SHIT!!!"
Jimmy wrote this down and went outside to see his older brother.

He asked him "big brother, whet is the second letter of the alphabet?"
His brother was crouched on the floor talking to a drugged up teenager and jimmy heard him say "only if you give me some heroin!"

Jimmy wrote this down and went into the living room and saw his little sister watching superman.
"Sister, what is the third letter of the alphabet?"
His sisters eyes were fixed on the the TV and she ignored Jimmy.  "Superman!!!" she shouted out in excitment.

The next day when Jimmy went into school the teacher asked him if he had done his homework.
Jimmy then shouted out "SHIT!!!" (the first letter of the alphabet.)

His teacher was very angry and shouted "right young man, you're going to the head teacher!"
and Jimmy replied by saying "only if you give me some heroin!"  The teacher's face went red with anger and dragged Jimmy to the head teacher's office by his ear.  When Jimmy and the teacher were in the head teacher's office the headteacher asked, "who do you think you, are young man?"

So Jimmy shouted "SUPERMAN!!!!!"There was a pregnant women. On the way to the hospital, she got into a wreck. When she woke up her babies were already born. She asked the docter if she could see her babies. He said yes, and don't worry your brother named them. The pregnant woman freaked out and said her brother was an idiot. The doctor said the girl's name is Denice. The pregnant women said, "Maybe my brother is not such an idiot." Then the docter said that the boy's name is "da nephew".A girl and her  best friend were at a cafe. The girl said her boyfriend finally told her about marriage. Her best friend asked her what he said. "He is married and has 3 kids," she replied.Yo momma is so fat she has more chins than a chinese phone book!1. Stand on top of the high board and say you won't come down until your demands are met. 

2. Tell the lifeguards that they aren't doing their jobs because you have seen at least 15 people drown today. 

3. Ask people if they have seen your pet shark. 

4. Sit in the baby pool and play with the toys. 

5. Take a flutter board and pretend you can't swim. 

6. Hit strangers with your flutter board. 

7. Ask an attractive lifeguard to practise CPR on you. 

8. Sit in front of a water jet, make moaning sounds and say, ''Oh yeah... oooh that feels soooo good....'' 

9. Sit on the top of the water slide and don't move. 

10. Swim near a stranger and say, ''Dammit I knew I shouldn't have had watermelon before I came here.'' 

11. Insist that you saw a monster at the bottom of the pool. 

12. Pretend to drown and then when someone tries to help you, say ''HA-HA, fooled you!'' 

13. Scream as someone is trying to do something when jumping off of a diving board. 

14. Laugh at fat people in swimsuits. 

15. Tell people you saw the lifeguard pissing in the pool. 

16. Ask a lifeguard if skinny-dipping is allowed. 

17. Try to negotiate the price of getting in. 

18. Take a really long time when you are on top of the high dive and then act as though you were pushed off. 

19. When in line, ask strangers if they think invisble people get a discount. 

20. Take your towel, tie it around your shoulders and say ''Wheee! I'm Batman!'' while running around. 

21. Hit strangers with your wet towel. 

22. Throw people's things into the pool. 

23. Sing and dance on top of the diving board, then do a belly-flop as your grande-finale. 

24. Play Marco-Polo by yourself. 

25. Ask small children if they have seen any suspicious-looking sea monsters lately."COMPETITIVE SALARY" 
We remain competitive by paying less than our competitors.

"JOIN OUR FAST-PACED COMPANY"  
We have no time to train you.

"CASUAL WORK ATMOSPHERE"  
We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up.

"MUST BE DEADLINE-ORIENTED" 
You'll be six months behind schedule on your first day.

"SOME OVERTIME REQUIRED" 
Some time each night and some time each weekend.

"DUTIES WILL VARY" 
Anyone in the office can boss you around. 

"MUST HAVE AN EYE FOR DETAIL" 
We have no quality control.

"CAREER-MINDED" 
Female Applicants must be childless (and remain that way).

"APPLY IN PERSON" 
If you're old, fat or ugly you'll be told the position has been filled.

"NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE"  
We've filled the job; our call for resumes is just a legal formality.

"SEEKING CANDIDATES WITH A WIDE VARIETY OF EXPERIENCE" 
You'll need it to replace three people who just left.

"PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS A MUST" 
You're walking into a company in perpetual chaos.

"REQUIRES TEAM LEADERSHIP SKILLS" 
You'll have the responsibilities of a manager, without the pay or respect.

"GOOD COMMUNICATION SKILLS" 
Management communicates, you listen, figure out what they want and do it.A man and his wife are in bed getting hot and heavy when the wife just pushes him away and says, "No, actually I don't feel like sex tonight. Could you just hold me?"

The man very mad says, "What?! Why the hell can't we have sex??"

The woman replies, "This is so typical, you have no idea what it's like to be a women! You just don't understand me!" And she turns over and goes to sleep.

The next day the man tells his wife he is so sorry and to make up for his mistakes they are going to the mall.
So the man takes her to the clothing department of a very expensive store and has her try on outfits. She can't decide which one she likes, so the man tells her to take them all. She jumps up and down and hugs him. Then they go over to the jewelry department, The woman sees a nice pair of diamond earrings but the husband says the price isn't right. It's too low, so he gives her a tennis bracelet worth twice the amount of the earrings.
Thinking she's had enough of shopping the man goes to the till.

The man goes up to the cashier and gives her all the items, and says,  "We've changed our minds. Could you put these back for us?"

The woman has a stunned look on her face and asks her husband what the hell he's talking about.

The man replies, "You thought I was gonna buy all this?? That's so typical, you don't know what it's like to have to work for money that you spend. I just wanted you to HOLD them for awhile."If two's a company and three's a crowd... what's four and five? 







NINE!!!!Quickly read through the following text and count the number of F's in it.

FINISHED FILES ARE THE RESULT OF YEARS OF SCIENTIFIC STUDY COMBINED WITH THE EXPERIENCE OF YEARS 

Managed it?

Scroll down only after you have counted them!
> 
>> 
>>> 
>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>> 
>>> 
>> 
> 
OK?

How many?

Three?

Wrong, there are six - no joke! Read again!

FINISHED FILES ARE THE RESULT OF YEARS OF SCIENTIFIC STUDY COMBINED WITH THE EXPERIENCE OF YEARS 

The reasoning is that the brain cannot process the word "OF".

Incredible or what?

Anyone who counts all six F's on the first go is a genius. Three is normal.Ghost Stories by I.C. Spooks

Rocket to the sun by R.U.Nuts

Your Book of Glamour by Q.T Pie

The Camel Ride by Major Bum - issore

How to Grow Shorter by Neil Down

How to Grow Taller by Stan DupCrime and Punishment by Laura Norda

The Use of Natural Fertilizers; by G.G. Dunnit

The Way to Quick Riches; by Robbin Banks

Holidays in Britain; by A. Pauline Whetha

Contagious Diseases; by Willie Catchit

Driving Through Germany; by Otto Mobile

Broken Window; by Eva Brick

Monsters; by Frank N. Stein

Cliff Tragedy; by Eileen Dover

Even More to come, i promise!!!!A Hole in the Bucket by Lee King

Long Walk by Miss. D. Bus

The Playground by C. Saw

Fitting Carpets by Walter Wall

Around the World by Sir Cumfrence

Flexibility by Ben Dover

Bladder Controld by Idon P. FreelyThree men are outside a pub when one said, "I dare you to go in and ask for a free glass of milk!"
One of the other men went in the pub and said, "Can I have a free glass of milk?"
"Only if you pick the scabs of my daughter's fanny!"
replied the barmaid.
"Screw that!"
The other man walked in and said, "Can I have a free glass of milk?"
"Only if you pick the scabs off my daughter's fanny!"
replied the barmaid.
"Screw that!"
When the two men went back outside they told the third one that they could only get a free glass of milk if they picked the scabs off the barmaid's daughter's  fanny.
The third man said, "I wouldn't mind doing that."
The third man went in and said I will pick the scabs off your daughter's fanny if you give me a free glass of milk."
"Ok," agreed the barmaid.
He went upstairs and picked the scabs of her daughter's fanny and put them in a crisp packet and sealed it up for freshness, then chucked it out the window.
He went outside to meet the others and told them that he got a free glass of milk.
The others said, "So...we got a free packet of crisps that flew from the sky!"A kindergarten class had a homework assignment to find out about something exciting and relate it to the class the next day. When the time came to present what they'd found, the first little boy walked up to the front of the class made a small white dot on the blackboard and sat back down. Puzzled, the teacher asked him just what it was. 
"It's a period,'' said the little boy. 
"Well, I can see that,'' she said, ''but what is so exciting about a period?'' 
" I don't know,'' said the little boy, ''but this morning my sister was missing one, Daddy had a heart attack, Mommy fainted, and the man next door shot himself.It was a dark and stormy night in the small Newfoundland village when Jarge's wife suddenly went into labor. The doctor came to the house and realized there was no time to get to the hospital in the city, the baby was coming now!

Just then the power went out. Jarge brought out the kerosene lantern and held it for the doctor.

Within minutes, Jarge's son was born. The elated parents were surprised when the doctor declared that another baby was coming. Soon, another baby had come into the world. And then a third. Jarge, somewhat in shock at the sudden prospect of supporting such a large family, started to back away. But wait, the doctor soon realized the end was not in sight. "Bring the light closer, Jarge, I think there's another one!"

"No way," cried Jarge, fleeing from the room. "It's the light that's attracting them!"My mother taught me TO APPRECIATE A JOB WELL DONE -
"If you're going to kill each other, do it outside. I just finished cleaning!"

My mother taught me RELIGION -
"You'd better pray that will come out of the carpet."

My mother taught me about TIME TRAVEL -
"If you don't straighten up, I'm going to knock you into the middle of next week!"

My mother taught me LOGIC -
"Because I said so, that's why."

My mother taught me more LOGIC -
"If you fall out of that swing and break your neck, you're not going to the store with me."

My mother taught me FORESIGHT -
"Make sure you wear clean underwear, in case you're in an accident."

My mother taught me IRONY -
"Keep crying and I'll give you something to cry about."

My mother taught me about the science of OSMOSIS -
"Shut your mouth and eat your supper!"

My mother taught me about CONTORTIONIST -
"Will you "look" at the dirt on the back of your neck!"

My mother taught me about STAMINA -
"You'll sit there 'till all that spinach is finished."

My mother taught me about WEATHER -
"It looks as if a tornado swept through your room."

My mother taught me how to solve PHYSICS PROBLEMS -
"If I yelled because I saw a meteor coming toward you; would you listen THEN?"

My mother taught me about HYPOCRISY -
"If I've told you once, I've told you a million times - Don't Exaggerate!!!"

My mother taught me THE CIRCLE OF LIFE -
"I brought you into this world, and I can take you out."

My mother taught me about BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION -
"Stop acting like your father!"

My mother taught me about ENVY -
"There are millions of less fortunate children in this world who don't have wonderful parents like you do!"

My mother taught me about ANTICIPATION -
"Just wait until we get home."

My mother taught me about RECEIVING -
"You are going to get it when we get home!"

My mother taught me MEDICAL SCIENCE -
"If you don't stop crossing your eyes, they are going to freeze that way."

My mother taught me to THINK AHEAD -
"If you don't pass your spelling test, you'll never get a good job."

My mother taught me ESP -
"Put your sweater on; don't you think I know when you're cold?"

My mother taught me HUMOR -
"When that lawn mower cuts off your toes, don't come running to me."

My mother taught me how to BECOME AN ADULT -
"If you don't eat your vegetables, you'll never grow up."

My mother taught me about GENETICS -
"You're just like your father."

My mother taught me about my ROOTS -
"Do you think you were born in a barn?"

My mother taught me about WISDOM OF AGE -
"When you get to be my age, you will understand."

And my all time favorite... JUSTICE -
"One day you'll have kids ... and I hope they turn out just like you!"One Sunday morning, a priest wakes up and decides to go golfing. He calls his boss and says that he feels very sick, and won't be able to go to work. 
Way up in heaven, Saint Peter sees all this and asks God, ''Are you really going to let him get away with this?'' 

''No, I guess not,'' says God. 

The priest drives about five to six hours away, so he doesn't bump into anyone he knows. The golf course is empty when he gets there. So he takes his first swing, drives the ball 495 yards away and gets a hole in one. 

Saint Peter watches in disbelief and asks, '' Why did you let him do that?'' 

To this God says, ''Who's he going to tell?''1) Page yourself over the intercom.  Don't disguise your voice.

2) Find out where your boss shops and buy exactly the same outfits. Wear them one day after your boss does. This is especially effective if your boss is a different gender than you.

3) Make up nicknames for all your co-workers and refer to them only by these names.  "That's a good point, Sparky." "No, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to disagree with you there, Chachie."

4) Send e-mail to the rest of the company telling them exactly what you're doing.  For example: "If anyone needs me, I'll be in the bathroom."

5) Hi-Lite your shoes.  Tell people you haven't lost them as often since you did this.

6) While sitting at your desk, soak your fingers in Palmolive. Call everyone Madge.

7) Hang mosquito netting around your cubicle.  When you emerge to get coffee, a printout, or whatever, slap yourself at random the whole way.

8) Put a chair facing a printer.  Sit there all day and tell people you're waiting for your document.

9) Every time someone asks you to do something, anything, ask him or her if they want fries with that.

10) Send e-mail back and forth to yourself, engaging yourself in an intellectual debate. Forward the mail to a co-worker and ask her to settle the disagreement. 

11) Encourage your colleagues to join you in a little synchronized chair-dancing.

12) Put your trash can on your desk.  Label it "IN". 

13) Feign an unnatural and hysterical fear of staplers.

14) Send e-mail messages saying there's free pizza, donuts, or cake in the lunchroom.  When people drift back to work complaining that they found none, lean back, pat your stomach, and say, "Oh you've got to be faster than that."

15) Put decaf in the coffeemaker for three weeks. Once everyone has withdrawn from caffeine addiction, switch to espresso.An old, old man was lying in his death bed upstairs.  His most favorite food in the world was chocolate chip cookies.  As he lay there, gasping for each breath, he was sure he could smell freshly-baked chocolate chip cookies.  

He crawled out of bed and slowly limped down the stairs.  Sure enough, across the kitchen, there was a huge platter of chocolate chip cookies on the table.
He finally made it to the table and he reached a shaking hand towards the cookies.  Suddenly, his wife slapped his hand  sharply and yelled, "DON'T TOUCH THOSE-they're for the funeral!"One day an elderly couple was out for an afternoon drive  and had to 
stop for gas.

Attendant: " Would you like me to check the oil?"
Wife: "What did he say?"
Husband: "He wants to know if I want the oil checked."

Attendant: "Would you like me to top up the washer fluid?"
Wife: "What did he say?"
Husband: "He wants to know if I want the fluids topped up."

When the attendant heard them talking, he asked, "By the way,
where are you from?"
The husband replied, "We are from Nova Scotia."
"Ah," said the attendant. "Years ago I was in Nova Scotia and
had the worst love affair ever."
The wife said, "What did he say?"
Husband: "He thinks he knows you!"One day this woman got to thinking about how her and her husband's sex life. She realized they basically didn't have one, so she decided to go to the doctor and get him some pills. 
 
The next day she went and the doctor told her to put 1 pill in her husbands coffee every morning. 
 So, the woman went home and the next morning she did exactly what the doctor perscribed. The woman thought that since the pills worked so well she would put more and more pills in his coffee.
 
As the week passed the doctor decided to call. When the doctor called their daughter answered and when the doctor asked how things were going she 
replied,"Well, my mom's dead, I'm pregnant, my brothers raw and dad is in the backyard saying,"here kitty kitty."A blonde and brunette jump off a cliff at the same time. Why did the brunette hit the floor before the blonde?





The blonde asked for directions!A man wanted to determine if both his wife and mistress were faithful to him. So he decided to send them on the same cruise, then later question each one on the  other's behavior.
 
When his wife returned, he asked her about the people on the trip in general, then casually asked her about the specific behavior of the passenger he knew to be his mistress. "She slept with nearly every man on the ship," his wife reported.
 
The disheartened man then rendezvoused with his cheating mistress to ask her the same questions about his wife.
 
"She was a real lady," his mistress said.
 
"How so?" the encouraged man asked.
 
"She came on board with her husband and never left his side."An oil company was drilling test pits on the West coast of Newfoundland and never found anything so instead of filling the hole up they got a clever idea to cover the hole with an outhouse. 
So a week after, a Newfoundlander came across it in the woods and decided to use it. The next day another fella came and found him dead on the toilet.
The police open an investigation to try and find out what happened to him. They asked his wife if there was anything wrong with him or if he was acting strange that day. His wife replied, " My husband was in perfect shape, the only thing strange about him is that he holds his breath until he hears a splash."A company, feeling it was time for a shakeup, hires a new CEO. This new boss is determined to rid the company of all slackers. 
On a tour of the facilities, the CEO notices a guy leaning on a wall. The  room is full of workers and he wants to let them know he means business!

 The CEO walks up to the guy and asks, "And how much money do you make a week?" Undaunted, the young fellow looks at him and replies, "I make $200.00 a week."

 The CEO hands the guy $200 in cash and screams,  "Here's a week's pay,now GET OUT!"

 Feeling pretty good about his first firing, the CEO looks around the room and asks " Does anyone want to tell me what that goof-off did here?"


 With a sheepish grin, one of the other workers mutters, " Pizza delivery guy"I just found out that I was switched at birth. Legally, I
shouldn't come to work knowing my employee records may now contain false information.

I can't come in to work today because I'll be stalking my previous boss, who fired me for not showing up for work. OK?

When I got up this morning I took two Ex-Lax in addition to my Prozac.

I am stuck in the blood pressure machine down at the pharmacy.

I've used up all my sick days...so I'm calling in dead

The voices told me to clean all the guns today.

The dog ate my car keys, so now I have to hitchhike to the vet.The following are quotes made by real police officers:

"If you run, you'll only go to jail tired."

"The handcuffs are tight because they're new. They'll stretch out after you wear them a while." 

"So, you don't know how fast you were going. I guess that means I can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?" 

"No, sir, we don't have quotas any more. We used to have quotas, but now we're allowed to write as many tickets as we want." 

"Warning! You want a warning? Okay, I'm warning you not to do that again or I'll give you another ticket." 

"Life's tough; it's tougher if you're stupid." 

"In God we trust, all others are suspects."1) Pretend to be one of the Bush family. Doesn't matter which. 

2) Have an uncontrollable lusting for someone new every five minutes. 

3) Pretend to be from different ethnic backgrounds every hour, and when people ask you about it, answer like a hillbilly would. 

4) Act like a hillbilly. Period. 

5) Improvise Italian operas. 

6) Gossip about someone to their face. 

7) Answer every question with a question. 

8) Repeat yourself constantly. 

9) Act like a member of the opposite sex. 

10) Repeat yourself constantly. 

11) Act like Mr. Flanders from The Simpsons. 

12) Repeat yourself constantly. 

13) Change what you repeat every now and then. 

14) Use homonyms in your e-male that the spell cheque would knot sea as miss steaks. 

15) Change what you repeat every now and then. 

16) Talk to someone while looking at somebody else. 

17) Employ in your casual banter extensive vocabulary that will befuddle thy contemporaries. 

18) Change what you repeat every now and then. 

19) One word: Caffeine. 

20) Another word or two: Caffeine and Sugar. 

21) stringwhateveryousayintoonelongwordsoitshardtomakeoutwhatyou'resaying. 

22) Using non-existent words like George Bush would. 

23) Change what you repeat again. 

24) Speak in rapid Spanish. 

25) Pretend not to know about the rule of personal space. 

26) When doing number 25, pretend to have a heavy nose cold causing you to breathe heavily through your mouth. Sneeze occasionally. 

27) Change what you repeat again. 

28) You are better than everybody else. Let them know so. 

29) Rudely correct everybody's grammar. 

30) Don't proper grammar use while you are correcting them. 

31) Pretend to be drunk. 

32) Groom yourself while standing backwards (towards everybody) in an elevator. 

33) Change what you repeat again. 

34) Pretend your name is Cletus-Atkins-Wheatherby-Percival-Smith, and don't answer to anything else. 

35) Call everybody you know Bob or Georgia. Bob for girls, Georgia for boys. 

36) Fine people for stupid things, like being too popular, or having to many teeth. 

37) Change what you repeat again. 

38) For those who wish to annoy, riddles is that in which you should speak. 

39) Lick your lips constantly, acting as if doing so is pleasurable. 

40) Pretend to be high. 

41) Become severely narcoleptic in the middle of a conversazzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. 

42) Change what you repeat again. 

43) You ARE the lord of the dance. Never forget that. 

44) Speak in Gaelic. 

45) Blink rapidly and constantly. 

46) Scratch yourself constantly. I am not saying where. 

47) Strut. 

48) Start repeating what you say as soon as you say it. 

49) Start repeating what you say as soon as you say it. 

50) Become "The Masked Wedgie Giver." 

51) Have this list printed on a T-shirt and write above it "Check list for Today." Don't let anybody forget that you have it on.At Heathrow Airport today, an individual, later discovered to be a public school teacher, was arrested trying to board a flight while in possession of a compass, a protractor, and a graphical calculator.

Authorities believe he is a member of the notorious Al-Gebra movement.  He is being charged with carrying weapons of math instruction.A 70-year-old man goes to the doctor's for a physical. 
The doctor runs some tests and says to the man, ''Well, everything seems to be in top condition physically, but what about mentally? How is your connection with God?'' 

And the man says, ''Oh me and God? We're tight. We have a real bond, he's good to me. Every night when I have to get up to go to the bathroom, he turns on the light for me, and then, when I leave, he turns it back off.'' 

Well, upon hearing this the doctor was astonished.

He called the man's wife and said, ''I'd like to speak to you about your husband's connection with God. He claims that every night when he needs to use the restroom, God turns on the light for him and turns it off for him again when he leaves. Is this true?'' 

And she says, ''That idiot, he's been peeing in the refrigerator!''A police officer pulled over a driver and informed him that because he was wearing his seat belt, he had just won $5,000 in a safety competition. 
"What are you going to do with the prize money?" the officer asked. 

The man responded, "I guess I'll go to driving school and get my license." 

At that moment, his wife, who was seated next to him, chimed in, "Officer, don't listen to him. He's a smart aleck when he's drunk." 

This woke up the guy in the back seat, who, when he saw the cop, blurted out, "I knew we wouldn't get far in this stolen car." 

At that moment, there was a knock from the trunk and a voice asked, "Are we over the border yet?"Prelim explanation:

It was a huge wedding with about 300 guests. After the wedding, at the reception, the groom got up on stage with a microphone to talk to the crowd. He said he wanted to thank everyone for coming, many from long distances, to support them at their wedding. He especially wanted to thank the bride's and his family and to thank his new father-in-law for providing such a lavish reception. 
 
As a token of his deep appreciation he said he wanted to give everyone a special gift just from him. So taped to the bottom of everyone's chair, including the wedding party, was a manila envelope.

He said this was his gift to everyone, and asked them to open their envelope. Inside each manila envelope was an 8x10 glossy of his bride having sex with the best man. The groom had gotten suspicious of them weeks earlier and had hired a private detective to tail them. 
 
After just standing there, just watching the guests' reactions for a couple of minutes, he turned to the best man and said, "F--- you!".Then he turned to his bride and said, "F--- you!" Then he turned to the dumbfounded crowd and said, "I'm outta here." 

He had the marriage annulled first thing in the morning. While most people would have cancelled the wedding immediately after finding about the affair, this guy goes through with the charade, as if nothing were wrong. 
 
His revenge...making the bride's parents pay over$32,000 for a 300 guest wedding and reception, and best of all, trashing the bride's and best man's reputations in front of 300 friends and family members.  Do you think we might get a MasterCard "priceless" commercial out of this?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Finally the funny part: 

Elegant wedding reception for 300 family members and friends...$32,000. 
Wedding photographs commemorating the occasion...$3,000. 
Deluxe two week honeymoon accommodations in Maui...$8,500. 
The look on everyone's face when they see the 8x10 glossy of the bride humping the best man...Priceless. 
 
There are some things money can't buy; for everything else there's MASTERCARD!!!A kindergarten teacher was observing her classroom of children while they were drawing. She walked around to look at the artwork.
As she got to one little girl who was working diligently, she asked what the drawing was.

The girl replied, "I'm drawing God."

The teacher paused and said, "But no one knows what God looks like.

Without missing a beat, or looking up from her drawing the girl replied, "They will in a minute."The following are messages written by children to God,

Dear GOD, Did you mean for the giraffe to look like that or was it an accident? -Norma

Dear GOD, Instead of letting people die and having to make new ones, why don't You just keep the ones You have now? -Jane

Dear GOD, Who draws the lines around the countries? -Nan

Dear GOD, I went to this wedding and they kissed right in church. Is that okay? -Neil

Dear GOD, What does it mean You are a Jealous God? I thought You had everything. -Jane

Dear God, Did you really mean "do unto others as they do unto you"? Because if you did, then I'm going to fix my brother!
-Darla

Dear GOD, Thank you for the baby brother, but what I prayed for was a puppy. -Joyce

Dear GOD, It rained for our whole vacation and is my father mad! He said some things about You that people are not supposed to say, but I hope You will not hurt him anyway. Your friend. (But I am not going to tell you who I am)

Dear GOD, Why is Sunday school on Sunday? I thought it was supposed to be our day of rest. -Tom L.

Dear GOD, Please send me a pony. I never asked for anything before, You can look it up. -Bruce

Dear GOD, My brother is a rat. You should give him a tail. Ha ha. -Danny

Dear GOD, Maybe Cain and Abel would not kill each other so much if they had their own rooms. It works with my brother. -Larry

Dear GOD, I want to be just like my Daddy when I get big, but not with so much hair all over. -Sam

Dear GOD, I think the stapler is one of your goodest inventions.
-Ruth M.

Dear GOD, I bet it is very hard for You to love all of everybody in the whole world. There are only 4 people in our family and I can never do it. -Nan

Dear GOD, If You watch me in church Sunday, I'll show You my new shoes. -Mickey D.

Dear GOD, I would like to live 900 years like the guy in the Bible. Love, Chris

Dear GOD, We read Thomas Edison made light. But in school they said You did it. So I bet he stoled your idea. Sincerely, Donna

-Unknown email sent me itA man is walking down the docks when he sees a quadriplegic woman crying in a corner. Trying to be a nice guy he walks up and asks her what's wrong.

"I've never been hugged." replies the woman. The man figures it would be a nice thing to do, so he picks her up and hugs her. She smiles. Then her face drops and she starts crying again.

"What's the matter now?" asks the man. "I've never been kissed," says the woman. The man leans down and kisses the woman on the lips for a brief moment. The woman smiles for a bit, then starts sobbing again.

The man, a bit annoyed, asks her again what's wrong. The woman replies, "Because I don't have arms and legs I've never been screwed."

The man picks up the woman and carries her down the dock, then tosses her off the side of the dock into the water.

The man yells at the woman, "NOW YOU'RE SCREWED!"SHAPING UP FOR A GOOD EXCUSE 
A police officer pulls over this guy who's been weaving in and out of the lanes. He goes up to the guy's window and says, "Sir, I need you to blow into this breathalyser tube." 
The man says, "Sorry, officer, I can't do that. I am an asthmatic. If I do that, I'll have a really bad asthma attack." 
"Okay, fine. I need you to come down to the station to give a blood sample." 
"I can't do that either. I am a hemophiliac. If I do that, I'll bleed to death." 
"Well, then, we need a urine sample."
"I'm sorry, officer, I can't do that either. I am also a diabetic. If I do that, I'll get really low blood sugar."
"All right, then I need you to come out here and walk this white line." 
"I can't do that, officer."
"Why not?" 
"Because I'm drunk."A driver is pulled over by a policeman. The police man approaches the driver's door. 

"Is there a problem Officer?" 

The policeman says, "Sir, you were speeding. Can I see your licence please?" 

The driver responds, "I'd give it to you but I don't have one." 

"You don't have one?" 

The man responds, "I lost it four times for drunk driving." 

The policeman is shocked. "I see. Can I see your vehicle registration papers please?" 

"I'm sorry, I can't do that." 

The policeman says, "Why not?" 

"I stole this car." 

The officer says, "Stole it?" 

The man says, "Yes, and I killed the owner." 

At this point the officer is getting worried. "You what!?" 

"She's in the trunk if you want to see." 

The Officer looks at the man and slowly backs away to his car and calls for back up. Within minutes, five police cars show up, surrounding the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half drawn gun. 

The senior officer says "Sir, could you step out of your vehicle please!" 

The man steps out of his vehicle. "Is there a problem sir?" 

"One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner." 

"Murdered the owner?" 

The officer responds, "Yes, could you please open the trunk of your car please?" 

The man opens the trunk, revealing nothing. 

The officer says, "Is this your car sir?" 

The man says "Yes," and hands over the registration papers. 

The officer, understandably, is quite stunned. "One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving licence." 

The man digs in his pocket revealing a wallet and hands it to the officer. The officer opens the wallet and examines the licence. He looks quite puzzled. "Thank you sir, one of my officers told me you didn't have a licence, stole this car, and murdered the owner." 

The man replies, "I bet you the liar told you I was speeding, too!"A young brunette goes into the doctor's office and says that her body hurts wherever she touches it. 

"Impossible," says the doctor. "Show me." 

She takes her finger and pushes her elbow and screams in agony. She pushes her knee and screams, pushes her ankle and screams and so it goes on, everywhere she touches makes her scream. 

The doctor says, "You're not really a brunette, are you?" 

She says, "No, I'm really a blonde." 

"I thought so," he says. "Your finger is broken."3 men were sitting in a plane. They were talking about peace when the subject of weapons came up. They decided to never use weapons again to hurt anyone else.
The first man pulled out a heavy rock from under his seat and said, "I used to throw rocks like this at people I disliked. Now I know better," and with that he yanked open the emergency exit and tossed out the rock.
The second man pulled out a knife and decided he didn't want to harm anyone either, so he tossed it out the open door.
The third man gets up and opens the storage compartment and takes out a bomb. "Well, I always carry one of these around, I always wondered what it would be like to set it off. Now I know better," and he tosses it out the window.

The plane lands and the 3 men have to drive back in a rented car to their hotel.
On the way back they notice a small child sobbing on the street. They ask her what's wrong and she replies, "I was walking home and I saw this rock come falling from the sky and kill a poor rabbit who was nibbling a carrot."
The first man looks ashamed but says nothing. The 3 men drive away.

Then a few minutes later they come across an old man sobbing hysterically. They ask him what's wrong.
He replies, "My wife of 50 years and I were sitting on a bench feeding the ducks at the pond, when a knife fell out of the sky and killed her!"
The second man looks shocked but says nothing. The 3 men drive away again.

A few more minutes later they come across a red-faced man rolling around on the ground laughing and clutching his sides. They go up to him and ask, "Why are you laughing? What happened?"
The man calms himself down and replies, "I was sitting outside of my house on my porch, when I farted and my whole house blew up!"A man is flying on a very expensive airline in first class when the sudden urge to relieve himself overwhelms him.
He runs to the bathroom to find its occupied. He bangs and bangs on the door but no one comes out. The flight attendant notices the man is in distress so she tries to help him. She takes him to a bathroom exclusively for the supermodels who frequently fly on this airline. She lets him use it very quickly but warns him to not, under any circumstance, press any of the 3 buttons next to the toilet.

The man gets into the bathroom and automatically sees the buttons. They're labeled WW, WA, and ATR.
The man sits down on the toilet and immediately relieves himself. While sitting down he cant help but wonder about the buttons. He pushes the first one slowly, and all of a sudden warm water comes at his butt and washes it thoroughly. He thinks that the supermodels must really have it made.
He then pushes the second button. He hears a slight hissing noise then feels warm air gently drying his butt. Wowee, this is the life. Supermodels sure are lucky thinks the man.
Then he decides what the hell, might as well try the last button.

The next thing the man knows he is lying in the hospital in extreme pain. The flight attendant is leaning over the man telling him to relax.
"What happened?" asks the man.
The flight attendant turns around and picks up a jar filled with water with a carrot or something floating in it. Then says, "I told you not to push that button. ATR stands for Automatic Tampon Remover."A blonde walks into a hospital in slight discomfort.

"Can I have a hot towel to put on my nose, please?"

The nurse was curious and asked, "Why would you like a hot towel to put on your nose?"

The blonde replies, "Well, I wanted to sniff some coke to see what the big deal was, and I got an ice cube stuck up my nose."A man is walking down the beach when he comes upon a magic lamp. He rubs it and a genie pops out.
The man immediately demands his three wishes.
The genie first warns the man that whatever he wishes for, his mother-in-law will get double. Figuring it wasnt all that bad the man thinks about his wishes.

First he wishes for a billion dollars. *Poof* A huge stack of money appears in front of the man. But his mother-in-law just got 2 billion dollars.

Second he wishes for a huge 50 room mansion with full staff to run it. *Poof* A huge mansion appears where his old house to be. (And parts of his neighbors houses too.) But his mother-in-law just recieve a 100 room house built on a beachfront property with double the staff to tend to the home.

Getting jealous of how his mother-in-law will brag about her riches and make his wishes look small he tries to think of a way to come out on top.
Finally the man says to the genie, "See that stick over there? Beat me half to death with it."A blonde walks into a casino and goes up to the craps table. She tells the dealers she wants to bet $10 000 on a single roll of the dice. The dealers figure that since shes a blonde, she must not know what shes doing, so they allow her to place the bet.
Then the blonde starts to strip. The dealers ask her what shes doing and she replies, "I'm luckier when I'm naked. Hope ya don't mind."

So she rolls the dice and jumps up and down screaming, "I WON! I WON! YAY!"
She hugs the dealers and picks up her chips and clothes and jumps excitedly away.

While enjoying the view of the blonde jumping away, the second dealer leans over and whispers to the first dealer, "What'd she roll?"
The first dealer says, "What? I wasn't checking, I thought you were checking."A husband, so proud of the fact that his wife had given birth to 6 children, begins to call her "mother of six" rather than by her first name. The wife, amused at first, chuckles.
A few years down the road, the wife has grown tired of her husband's description. "Mother of six," he would say, "get me a beer!" "Hey mother of six, what's for dinner tonight?" This situation persisted to boiling point. 
Finally, while attending a party with her husband, he jokingly yelled out, "Hey, mother of six, I think it's time to go!"
The wife seized the moment and shouted back, "I'll be right with you - father of four!"A big-game hunter went on safari with his wife and mother-in-law. One evening, while still deep in the jungle, the Mrs awoke to find her mother gone. Rushing to her husband, she insisted on them both trying to find her mother. The hunter picked up his rifle, took a swig of whiskey, and started to look for her. 

In a clearing not far from the camp, they came upon a chilling sight. The mother-in-law was backed up against a thick, impenetrable bush, and a large male lion stood facing her.

The wife cried, "What are we going to do?"

"Nothing," said the hunter husband. "The lion got himself into this mess, let him get himself out of it."Caress, praise, pamper, relish, savor, massage, make plans, fix, empathize, serenade, compliment, support, feed, tantalize, bathe, humor, placate, stimulate, jiffylube, stroke, console, purr, hug, coddle, excite, pacify, protect, phone, correspond, anticipate, nuzzle, smooch, toast, minister to, forgive, sacrifice for, ply, accessorize, leave, return, beseech, sublimate, entertain, charm, lug, drag, crawl, show equality for, spackle, oblige, fascinate, attend, implore, bawl, shower, shave, trust, grovel, ignore, defend, coax, clothe, brag about, acquiesce, aromatize, fuse, fizz, rationalize, detoxify, sanctify, help, acknowledge, polish, upgrade, spoil, embrace, accept, butter-up, hear, understand, jitterbug, locomote, beg, plead, borrow, steal, climb, swim, nurse, resuscitate, repair, patch, crazy-glue, respect, entertain, calm, allay, kill for, die for, dream of, promise, deliver, tease, flirt, commit, enlist, pine, cajole, Anglicize, murmur, snuggle, snoozle, snurfle, elevate, enervate, alleviate, spotweld, serve, rub, rib, salve, bite, taste, nibble, gratify, take her places, scuttle like a crab on the ocean floor of her existence, diddle, doodle, hokey-pokey, hanky-panky, crystal blue persuade, flip, flop, fly, don't care if I die, swing, slip, slide, slather, mollycoddle, squeeze, moisturize, humidify, lather, tingle, slam-dunk, keep on rockin' in the free world, wet, slicken, undulate, gelatinize, brush, tingle, dribble, drip, dry, knead, fluff, fold, blue-coral wax, ingratiate, indulge, wow, dazzle, amaze, flabbergast, enchant, idolize and worship, and then go back, and start again. 

HOW TO SATISFY A MAN:
Show up naked with food.One evening, a little boy and his family were having supper at his grandma's house. Everyone was seated around the table as the food was being served.
When he received his plate, the little guy began eating right away.
"Wait until we a say a prayer," his mother admonished.
" I don't have to,"  he replied.
"Of course you do," his mother insisted. "We always say a prayer before eating at home."
"That's at home," he explained. "This is Grandma's house and she knows how to cook!!"The beautiful, vain blonde was visiting Las Vegas for the first time.  She approached the roulette wheel, but it looked very confusing.

"How should I bet?" she asked the man standing beside her.

"Try betting your age," he suggested.

So the blonde put $500 on the number 32.  The ball landed on 36, and the blonde promptly fainted.As an architect watched a mechanic remove engine parts from his car, a surgeon, waiting for his own car to be repaired, walked over.  They introduced themselves, and began talking about their lines of work.
"You know," said the architect,  "I sometimes believe a mechanic's work is as complicated as the work that we do."
"Perhaps," the surgeon commented. "But let's see him do it with the engine running."There was a farmer who was very protective of his daughters.  Before every date, he would meet the young man at the porch with his shotgun, and if he didn't measure up, he'd make sure they left.

One day all three of his daughters were going out on the same night.  The first young man drove up and approached the porch.

"Hi, my name is Joe, I'm here to get Flo, we're going to the show, is she ready to go?"  The farmer liked this guy, and let him leave with his daughter.

Shortly, the next guy drove up and approached the porch.  "Hi, my name is Freddy, I'm here to get Betty, we're going for spaghetti, is she ready?"  The farmer liked this guy too, and let him leave with his second daughter.

Soon the third guy drove up and approached the porch.
"Hi, my name is Chuck..." and the farmer shot him.The first 90% of a project takes 10% of the time, the last 10% takes the other 90% of the time.

If at first you don't succeed, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.

The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.

Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.

If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.

A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the butt.

Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.

It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.

After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.

You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.

Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.

When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.

There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when the boss asks for a ride home from the office.

Everything can be filed under "Miscellaneous."

Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.

To err is human, to forgive is not our policy.

Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he/she is supposed to be doing.

Important letters that contain no errors will develop errors in the mail.

If you are good, you will be assigned all the work. If you are really good, you will get out of it.

You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.

People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.

If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.

At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.

When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.

Following the rules will not get the job done.

Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

When confronted by a difficult problem you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?"

No matter how much you do, you never do enough.

The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for everything that goes wrong.One day Bill complained to his friend that his elbow really hurt. His friend suggested that he go to a computer at the drug store that can diagnose anything quicker and cheaper than a doctor. 
''Simply put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it. It only costs $10." Bill figured he had nothing to lose, so he filled a jar with a urine sample and went to the drug store. Finding the computer, he poured in the sample and deposited the $10. The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing. After a brief pause out popped a small slip of paper on which was printed: "You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water. Avoid heavy lifting. It will be better in two weeks." 

Later that evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever, he began to wonder if this machine could be fooled. He mixed together some tap water, a stool sample from his dog and urine samples from his wife and daughter. To top it off, he masturbated into the concoction. He went back to the drug store, located the machine, poured in the sample and deposited the $10. The computer again made the usual noise and printed out the following message: 

"Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. Your dog has worms. Get him vitamins. Your daughter is using cocaine. Put her in a rehabilitation clinic. Your wife is pregnant with twin girls. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. And if you don't stop jerking off, your tennis elbow will never get better."A guy gets home early from work and hears strange noises coming from the bedroom.  He rushes upstairs to find his wife naked on the bed, sweating and panting. 
"What's up?" he asks. 

"I'm having a heart attack!" cries the woman. 

He rushes downstairs to grab the phone, but just as he is dialing, his 4-year old son comes up and says, "Daddy! Daddy! Uncle Ted's  hiding in your wardrobe and he's got no clothes on!" 

The guy slams the phone down and storms upstairs into the bedroom, past his screaming wife, and rips open the wardrobe door. Sure enough, there is his  brother, totally naked, cowering on the wardrobe floor. 

''You bastard," says the husband. "My wife is having a heart attack and you're running around with no clothes on scaring the kids!"A man took a walk along a railroad track.  Not paying attention, he got his foot stuck in a gap in the rails. Just then the whistle of the 10 a.m. train sounded in  in the distance.

He tried frantically to free himself, but to no avail. Looking up he prayed, "God, please get me free!" The Whistle sounded, again he pulled, no movement. "God! If you get my foot out I will stop smoking." The whistle sounded closer. Still pulling, he only seemed to get more stuck.  "God! If you get my foot out I will stop smoking and drinking." Looking up he could now see the train engineer in the window of the engine.  His foot still would not move.  "God!!! If you get my foot out I will stop, smoking drinking and give my money to the poor!"

At that moment his foot slipped from its grasp in the rail and he rolled clear of the train's wheels............. "Never mind God I took care of it myself."After a party, one man was in no shape to drive, so he wisely left his car and walked home.  As he was walking unsteadily along, he was stopped by a policeman.

"What are you doing out here at 2 o'clock in the morning?" the officer asked.

"I'm going to a lecture," the man said.

"And who would be giving this lecture at this hour?" the cop asked.

"My wife," the guy replied.A groom and his bride are standing at the alter when the woman looks at her prospective husband
and sees he has a set of golf clubs.
"What on earth are you doing with those golf clubs in church?" she whispers.
"Well," he replies, "this won't take all afternoon, will it?"A little old lady answered her door only to be confronted by a young vacuum cleaner salesman.
"Good morning," said the young man. "If I could take a couple of minutes of your time, I would like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners."
"Go away!" said the old lady. "I haven't got any money," and she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door. "Don't be too hasty," he said, "not until you've seen my demonstration."
With that he emptied a bucket of dirt onto her hallway carpet.  "If this vacuum cleaner doesn't  remove all traces of this dirt from your carpet, Madam, I will personally eat the remainder."
"Well," she said, "I hope you're hungry, because the electricity was cut off this morning."Q: Why did the blonde have bruises around her bellybutton?

A: Because her boyfriend was blond too!An Englishman, Irishman, Scotsman and a fat man are all going skydiving. When they get to jump the Englishman shouts, "God save England!"
The Scotsman shouts, "God save Scotland!"
The Irishman shouts, "God save Ireland!"
Then the fat man jumps and shouts, "God save whoever I land on!"A preacher dies, and when he gets to Heaven, he sees a New York cab driver who has more crowns. He says to an angel, "I don't get it. I devoted my whole life to my congregation." The angel says, "We reward results. Did your congregation always pay attention when you gave a sermon?" The preacher says, "Once in a while someone fell asleep." The angel says, "Right. And when people rode in this guy's taxi, they not only stayed awake, but they usually prayed!"What's another name for a push-up bra? 
False advertisementA couple goes to an art gallery. They find a picture of a naked women with only her privates covered with leaves. The wife doesn't like it and moves on but the huband keeps looking. 
The wife asks, "What are you waiting for?" 

The husband replies, "Autumn."A married couple was in a terrible accident where the woman's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too skinny. So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin. However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks. The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty. She looked more beautiful than she ever had before! All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty! One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice. She said, ''Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. There is no way I could ever repay you.'' 

''My darling,'' he replied, ''think nothing of it. I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek.''A teacher was having trouble teaching arithmetic to one little boy. So she said, "If you reached in your right pocket and found a nickel, and you reached in your left pocket and found another one, what would you have?" "Somebody else's pants." the boy replied.A woman was watching her son pitch in a little league baseball. He wasn't very good, walking all of the batters that came up to bat, but after every pitch, the mom was yelling wildy and cheering her wonderful son on. Because of all the batters he had walked, the score was 14-0 in the 1st inning. Finally, one little boy came up, hit a grounder, and made it safely to first. "Dang it," the mother muttered, "there goes his no-hitter."The Chinese say: Baseball is wrong. Man with four balls cannot walk.Men who walk in front of car get tired. Men who walk in back of car get exhausted.What kind of soup do you order at a gay Chinese resturant?

Cream of Yungi (Cream of Young Guy)Saddam and an American were in the bathroom peeing in the urinals. When the American was done, he was going to leave without washing his hands.
Saddam said, "You know, I learned to wash my hands."
The American replied, "Well, I learned not to pee on my hands."Yo mama is so dumb it took her an hour to make minute rice!!!When the phone rang, she excused herself from the sofa. A few seconds later she rejoined her male companion.

"Who was it?" he asked. 
"My husband," she replied. 
"I better get going," he said. "Where was he?"

"Relax. He'll be late, he's playing poker with you."How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight?
Have YOU ever seen a rabbit with glasses?Two church members were going door to door, and knocked on the door of a woman who was not happy to see them. She told them in no uncertain terms that she did not want to hear their message and slammed the door in their faces. To her surprise, however, the door did not close and, in fact, bounced back open. She tried again, really put her back into it, and slammed the door again with the same result - the door bounced back open.

Convinced these rude young people were sticking their foot in the door, she reared back to give it a slam that would teach them a lesson, when one of them said, "Ma'am, before you do that again, you need to move your cat."As soon as the newlyweds returned from their honeymoon, the young bride called her mother, who lived a couple of hours away. "How did everything go?" her mom asked. 

"Oh, mother," she began, "The honeymoon was wonderful! So romantic, we had a terrific time. But, mother, on our way back, Andy started using really horrible language. Stuff I'd never heard before. Really terrible four-letter words. You've got to come get me and take me home. Please, Mother!" the new bride sobbed over the telephone. 

"But, honey," the mother countered, "What four-letter words?" 

"I can't tell you, mother, they're too awful! Come get me, please!" 

"Darling, you must tell me what has gotten you so upset.... Tell mother what four-letter words he used." 

Still sobbing, the bride said, "Mother, words like dust, wash, iron, cook."A man died in a horrible fire.  The mortician thought it was George, but the body was so badly burned that somebody would need to make a positive identification.  That task fell to George's two friends, Joe and Al. 

Joe:  "He's burnt pretty bad, all right.  Roll him over."  Joe looked at the dead man's buttocks and said,  "Nope, that ain't George." 

Thinking the incident strange, the mortician straightened up the body and said nothing.  He brought in Al. 

Al: "Wow, he's burnt to a crisp.  Roll him over."  Again,  "Nope, that ain't George." 

Mortician:  "How can you tell?" 

Al:  "George had two assholes." 

Mortician:  "What?  How could he have two assholes?" 

Al:  "Everybody knew George had two assholes.  Whenever the three of us would go into town you'd hear people say,  "Here comes George with those two assholes!"A golfer hooks his drive into the woods to the left of the fairway. While looking for his ball he happens upon a leprechaun. The leprechaun asks him, "How's your round of golf is going?" The golfer admits, "I'm having one of my worst rounds ever." The leprechaun zaps the golfer with a magic spell. The leprechaun then asks, "How's your sex life doing?" The golfer replies, "In all honesty, I haven't had any in years." So, the leprechaun zaps him with another spell. The golfer goes on to have his best round ever. 

Two months later the golfer is playing the same course. He checks to see if the leprechaun is still around. Sure enough, he spots him in the woods. The leprechaun asks, "How's your golf been lately?" The golfer responds with pride, "I'm playing the best golf of my life." The leprechaun then asks, "How's your sex life doing?" The golfer replies happily, "I've been getting some almost every other week." The leprechaun seemed dismayed and said, "Boy, I would have thought you would be doing much better than that." 

The golfer replied, "Well for a priest, from a small town, with no car, every other week isn't so bad."Jesus and Moses are playing golf. On the 5th hole, a shot over water to an island green, Moses hits his 6-iron and it lands perfectly on the green. Jesus takes out his 7-iron and begins tee-ing it up. 

Moses says: "The 7 isn't enough club. It'll go in the water" 

Jesus replies: "If Tiger Woods can do it, I can do it." 

He swings the 7-iron and sure enough, straight in the drink. He tees up a second ball and grabs his 7-iron again. Again Moses reminds him of his previous attempt and Jesus says, "If Tiger Woods can do it, I can do it." "PLOP" in the water, it goes again. He continues this until he has hit all his golf balls into the water. At this point, he begins walking out on the water looking down to locate his lost golf balls. The foursome behind them approaches the tee, spots Jesus out on the lake and says to Moses, "Hey, who does that guy think he is, Jesus Christ?" 

Moses replies, "No, Tiger Woods.""My friend," said St. Peter to the recently deceased, "you did lead an exemplary life on earth - but there is one instance of your taking the name of The Lord in vain. Would you care to tell us about it?" 

"I recall," replied the new applicant, "it was in 1965 on the last hole at Pinehurst. I only needed a par four to break 70 for the first time in my life." 

"Was your drive good?" asked St. Peter, with increasing interest. 

"Right down the middle. But when I got to my ball, it was plugged deep in a wet rut made by a drunk's golf cart." 

"Oh dear," said St. Peter, "A real sucker! Is that when you..." 

"No. I'm pretty good with a 3-iron. I played the ball close to my feet, caught the sweet spot and moved it right onto the green. But it bounced on a twig or something - it was a very windy day - and slid off the apron right under the steepest lip of the trap." 

"What a pity!" said St. Peter consolingly, "Then that must have been when..." "No. I gritted my teeth, dug in with and open stance, swung a smooth outside arc, and backspun a bucket's worth of sand up onto the green. When everything settled down, there was my ball, only ten inches off into the cup." 

"JESUS CHRIST!" shrieked St. Peter, "don't tell me you choked the putt!"The Pope met with the Cardinals to discuss a proposal from Shimon Peres, leader of the Jewish nation. 

"Your holiness," said one of the Cardinals, "Mr. Peres wants to determine whether Jews or Catholics are superior by challenging you to a golf match." 

The Pope was greatly disturbed as he had never held a golf club in his life. 

"Not to worry," said the Cardinal, "We'll call America and talk to Jack Nicklaus. 

We'll make him a Cardinal, he can play Shimon Peres....we can't lose!" 

Everyone agreed it was a good idea. The call was made and, of course, Jack was honoured and agreed to play. The day after the match, Nicklaus reported to the Vatican to inform the Pope of his success in the match. 

"I came in second, your Holiness," said Nicklaus. 

"Second!?" exclaimed the surprised Pope. "You came in second to Shimon Peres!!??" 

"No," said Nicklaus, "second to Rabbi Palmer."A young man is playing golf with a priest. At a short hole the priest asks, "What are you going to use on this hole son?"

The young man says, "An eight iron, father. How about you?"

The priest says, "I'm going to hit a soft seven and pray."

The young man hits his eight iron and puts the ball on the green. The priest tops his 7 iron and dribbles the ball out a few yards.

The young man says, "I don't know about you father, but in my church when we pray, we keep our head down."A golfer is in a competitive match with a friend, who is ahead by a couple of strokes. The golfer says to himself, "I'd give anything to sink this next putt." 

A stranger walks up to him and whispers, "Would you give up a fourth of your sex life?" The golfer thinks the man is crazy and that his answer will be meaningless, but also that perhaps this is a good omen, so he says, "Okay," and sinks the putt. 

Two holes later he mumbles to himself, "Boy, if I could only get an eagle on this hole." The same stranger moves to his side and says, "Would it be worth another fourth of your sex life?" The golfer shrugs and says, "Sure." He makes an eagle.

On the final hole, the golfer needs yet another eagle to win. Though he says nothing, the stranger moves to his side and says, "Would you be willing to give up the rest of your sex life to win this match?" The golfer says, "Certainly!" He makes the eagle.

As the golfer walks to the club house, the stranger walks alongside and says, "You know, I've really not been fair with you because you don't know who I am. I'm the devil, and from now on you will have no sex life." "Nice to meet you," says the golfer. "I'm Father O'Malley."Fred had tried to be particularly careful about his language as he played golf with his priest. But on the twelfth hole, when he twice failed to hit out of a sand trap, he lost his resolve and let fly with a string of expletives. 

The preacher felt obliged to respond. "I have observed," said he in a calm voice, "that the best golfers do not use foul language." 

"I guess not, said Fred, "what the hell do they have to swear about?"A country club didn't allow women on the golf course. Eventually, there was enough pressure that they decided to allow women on the course during the week. 

The ladies were satisfied with this arrangement, formed a women's club, and became active. After about 6 months, the club board received a letter from the women's club complaining about the men urinating on the golf course. Naturally, they just ignored the matter. After another 6 months, they received another letter reminding them of the previous letter and demanding action. After due deliberation they sent the women a letter advising them that they had been granted equal privileges!Four guys who worked together always golfed as a group at 7 a.m. Sunday. But one of them got transferred, and they were talking about trying to fill out the foursome. 

A woman standing near the tee said, "Hey, I like to golf, can I join the group?" 

They were hesitant but said she could come once to try it. She said "Good, I'll be there at 6:30 or quarter to seven." 

She showed up right at 6:30, and wound up setting a course record with a 7-under-par round. The guys went nuts and everyone in the clubhouse congratulated her. Meanwhile, she was fun and pleasant the entire round. The guys happily invited her back the next week and she said "Sure, I'll be here at 6:30 or quarter to 7." 

Again, she showed up at 6:30 Sunday morning. Only this time, she played left-handed, and matched her 7-under par score of the previous week. By now the guys were totally amazed, and they asked her to join the group for keeps. 

They had a beer after their round, and one of the guys asked her, "how do you know if you're going to golf right-handed or left-handed?" 

She said "That's easy. Before I leave for the golf course, I pull the covers off my husband, who sleeps in the nude. If his member is pointing to the right, I golf right-handed; if it's pointed to the left, I golf left-handed." 

A guy asked "what if it's pointed straight up?" 

She said "Then I'll be here at nine o'clock."A man went to a strange town to be the guest speaker at a business meeting. When he arrived at his Motel, he found he had a lot of time before the meeting so he got the directions for a nearby golf course from the clerk. 

While playing on the front nine, he thought over his impending speech and became confused as to where he was on the course. Looking around, he saw a lady playing ahead of him. He walked up to her, explained the situation and asked her if she knew what hole he was playing. She replied, "I'm on the 7th hole and you are a hole behind me, so you must be on the 6th hole." 

He thanked her and went back to his golf. 

On the back nine the same thing happened and he approached her again with the same request. She said, "I'm on the 14th, you are a hole behind me, so you must be on the 13th." 

Once again he thanked her and returned to his play. He finished his round and went into the club house where he saw the lady sitting at the end of the bar. He asked the bartender if he knew the lady. The bartender said that she was a sales lady and played the course often. He approached her and said, "Let me buy you a drink in appreciation for your help. I understand you are in the sales profession. I'm in sales also. What do you sell?"

She replied, "If I told you, you would only laugh." 

"No I wouldn't." 

"Well if you must know", she answered, "I sell sanitary towels." 

She said, "See I knew you would laugh." 

"That's not what I'm laughing at" he replied, "I'm a toilet paper salesman, so I'm still a hole behind you!"The lady golfer was a determined, if not very proficient player. At each swipe she made at the ball, earth flew in all directions. 

"Gracious me," she exclaimed red-faced to her caddie, "the worms will think there's an earthquake." 

"I don't know," replied the caddie, "the worms round here are very clever. I'll bet most of them are hiding underneath the ball for safety.""I'll go and ask if we can go through," said Max to Jerry. The two golfers had been concerned for some time at the snail-like progress of two women, originally some holes ahead and now just in front of them on the ninth fairway. Max returned after only a few paces towards the ladies. 

"Jerry, this is very embarrassing, but would you mind going? That's my wife up ahead and she's playing with my mistress." 

Jerry returned having got no further forward than Max. "I say," he said, "what a coincidence..."He was a smooth operator, and at the club's annual dance he attached himself to the prettiest lady golfer in the room and was boasting to her. 

"You know, they're all afraid to play me. What do you think my handicap is?" 

"Well, where do you want me to start ?" came the quick response.Bill and Ralph, both of equal ability, decide to have a round together and "play it as it lays" on all shots. Both hit their tee shots on the par-5 first hole down the middle and about 260 yards. They drive up for the second shot, and Bill hits his shot down the middle for an easy approach, but Ralph slices his over the trees and it ends up in the cart path of the adjoining hole. 

"Guess I get a free drop from the cart path," he says. "Oh no," says Bill, "We agreed. Play it as it lays." So Ralph drives Bill up to his ball in front of the green, drops him off and drives over to his ball on the cart path. Bill watches in amusement as sparks shower down from the practice swings of his opponent, then, in amazement as a perfectly struck shot lands on the green and rolls to within 3 ft. of the pin. Ralph drives back to the green. 

Bill says, "Great shot back there! What club did you use?" Ralph responds, "Your six iron."Four men, well along in years, had played golf as a foursome every Sunday morning, until one of them passed away. The other three asked the club pro if he could find them a compatible gentleman to fill out the foursome again. "No problem," answered the pro. 

"But, you have to understand," one of the guys, named George, explained, "that Moe, who died, was like our eyes. We're all getting some cataracts, and have trouble seeing the ball. Moe's eyesight was perfect, and he was our spotter." 

The pro promised to see what he could do, and, when the others returned the following Sunday, he introduced them to a truly ancient looking gentleman, named Gary. 

"How old are you?" George asked. 

"I'm ninety-four," Gary responded. 

"Fabulous," said George. "But how's your eyesight?" 

At this, Gary blew up. "Don't insult my eyes," he yelled. "I may be old, but I've got 20-20 vision. I have eyes like an eagle. Don't insult me!" 

"Okay, okay," the others said. "Let's play golf." 

George was first on the tee, and he hit a long, low drive, that faded significantly after about 200 yards. He turned to Gary. 

"Did you see where it went?" he asked the ancient one. 

"Did I see where it went? I told you not to insult my eyesight. Of course, I saw where it went. I've got eyes like an eagle!" Gary yelled. 

"Okay, I'm sorry," said George. "Where did it go?" 

Gary dropped his head, and muttered, "I forgot."A young man who was also an avid golfer found himself with a few hours to spare one afternoon. He figured if he hurried and played very fast, he could get in 9 holes before he had to head home.

Just as he was about to tee off an old gentleman shuffled onto the tee and asked if he could accompany the young man as he was golfing alone.

Not being able to say no, he allowed the old gent to join him.

To his surprise the old man played fairly quickly. He didn't hit the ball far, but plodded along consistently and didn't waste much time.

Finally, they reached the 9th fairway and the young man found himself with a tough shot. There was a large pine tree right in front of his ball - and directly between his ball and the green. 

After several minutes of debating how to hit the shot the old man finally said, "You know, when I was your age I'd hit the ball right over that tree." 

With that challenge placed before him, the youngster swung hard, hit the ball up, right smack into the top of the tree trunk and it thudded back on the ground not a foot from where it had originally lay. 

The old man offered one more comment, "Of course, when I was your age that pine tree was only 3 feet tall."Dick brings a friend to play golf with two of his buddies to complete a foursome. His buddies ask him if his friend can play golf. Dick says that he is very good. 

This guy hits the ball on the first hole in the bush, so his buddies look at him and say, "You said your friend was a good golfer." Dick says "Yes, he is watch him play." They see the ball come out of the bush on the green. This guy takes two putts to make par. 

Second hole is par 3. This guy hits the ball into the lake. The two buddies looks at Dick again and say "You said this guy was good" Dick replies that this guy was a great player. 

So the guy walks into the the lake. Three minutes later they can't see the guy. All of a sudden they see a hand come out of the water. They tell Dick to dive in the lake to go get his friend, he's drowning. Dick replies "No, that means he wants a 5 iron"."Your late teeing off, Fred." 

"Yup, well being Sunday I had to toss a coin to see if I should go to church, or to play golf" 

"But why are you so late?" 

"I had to toss for it fifteen times!"Sid and Barney head out for a quick round of golf. Since they are short on time, they decide to play only 9 holes. Sid says to Barney, "Let's say we make the time worth the while, at least for one of us, and spot $5 on the lowest score for the day." Barney agrees and they enjoy a great game. After the 8th hole, Barney is ahead by 1 stroke, but cuts his ball into the rough on the 9th.

"Help me find my ball; you look over there," he says to Sid. After 5 minutes, neither has had any luck, and since a lost ball carries a four-point penalty, Barney pulls a ball from his pocket and tosses it to the ground. "I've found my ball!" he announces triumphantly.

Sid looks at him forlornly, "After all the years we've been friends, you'd cheat me on golf for a measly five bucks?"

"What do you mean, cheat? I found my ball sitting right here!"

"And a liar, too!" Sid says with amazement. "I'll have you know I've been standing on your ball for the last five minutes!"The worst (and wealthiest) member of Augusta approached Ben Crenshaw after the Master's Tournament. He challenged him to a match - double or nothing the prize money he had just one. Crenshaw was hesitant but, hey, who doesn't need more money, right? 

To make it fair he offered the guy any handicap he wanted. The member requested two gottcha's. Crenshaw wasn't sure what a gottcha was but since the man was insistent, he agreed. 

They went out to the first tee and the member took a swing at his ball and sliced mightily. Crenshaw got up and teed up his ball. The guy came up behind Crenshaw and swung his driver hard between Crenshaw's legs. "GOTTCHA!" he screamed. 

Crenshaw squirmed in agony, fell to the floor clutching his groin with tears streaming down his face. "That's one gottcha gone" said his challenger. Crenshaw took quite some minutes to compose himself again and played on. 

At the end of the round the people couldn't believe that Crenshaw had lost. His only comment, "Ever play a round of golf waiting for the second "gottcha?"Bill is waiting to tee off for the start of his round when he sees Ralph just finishing his round. Bill notices that Ralph is wet all over the front of his trousers. Curiosity gets the best of him, so Bill asks Ralph how he got so wet. Ralph tells the following story: 

That day, Ralph had played golf for the first time with bifocals. All day long, he could see two sizes for everything. There was a big club and a little club; a big ball and a little ball; etc. Therefore, Ralph said that he hit the little ball with the big club and it went straight and long all day long. On the green, he putted the little ball into the big cup. He said that he played the best golf of his life. Bill said, "I understand that, but how did you get all wet?" 

"Well," said Ralph, "when I got to the 16th, I had to urinate awfully bad. I went into the woods and unzipped my fly. When I looked down, there were two of them also; a big one and a little one. Well, I knew the big one wasn't mine, so I put it back."Bill and Ralph meet on the golf course and decide to finish off the round together. Bill has a little dog with him and on the next green, when Bill holes out with a 20 foot putt, the little dog starts yipping and stands up on its hind legs. 

Ralph is quite amazed at this clever trick of the dog's and says, "That dog is really talented! What does it do if you miss a putt?" Bill replies, "Somersaults." 

Ralph exclaims, "Somersaults! How many of them does it do?" Bill calmly replies, "Mmm, depends on how hard I kick it up the ass!"There were two old guys, Abe and Sol, sitting on a bench in a park feeding pigeons and talking about baseball, just like they did every day. Abe turns to Sol and says, "Do you think there's baseball in heaven?" 

Sol thinks about it for a minute and replies, "I dunno, Abe. But let's make a deal: If I die first, I will come back and tell you -- and if you die first, you come back and tell me -- if there is baseball in heaven." 

They shake on it and, sadly, a few months later poor Abe passes on. One day soon afterward, Sol is sitting there feeding the pigeons by himself when he hears a voice whisper, "Sol... Sol...." 

Sol responds, "Abe! Is that you?" 

"Yes it is, Sol," whispers the spirit of Abe. 

Sol, still amazed, asks, "So, is there baseball in heaven?" 

"Well," says Abe says, "I got good news and I got bad news." 

"Gimme the good news first," says Sol. 

Abe says, "Well... there is baseball in heaven." 

Sol says, "That's great! What news could be bad enough to ruin that!?" 

Abe sighs and whispers, "You're pitching on Friday."Physical exercise is good for you. I know that I should do it daily, but my body doesn't let me to do too much, so I have worked out this program of strenuous activities that do not require physical exercise.

You are invited to use it without charge... 

01) Beating around the bush 
02) Jumping to conclusions 
03) Climbing the walls 
04) Swallowing my pride 
05) Passing the buck 
06) Throwing my weight around 
07) Dragging my heels 
08) Pushing my luck 
09) Making Mountains out of molehills 
10) Hitting the nail on the head 
11) Wading through paperwork 
12) Bending over backwards 
13) Jumping on the bandwagon 
14) Balancing the books 
15) Running around in circles 
16) Eating crow 
17) Tooting my own horn 
18) Climbing the ladder of success 
19) Pulling out the stops 
20) Adding fuel to the fire 
21) Opening a can of worms 
22) Putting my foot in my mouth 
23) Starting the ball rolling 
24) Going over the edge 
25) Picking up the pieces.

Whew! What a workout! 

I think I'll exercise my caution now, and sit down...9. Well, how 'bout that?...I'm lost! Looks like we'll have to stop and ask for directions. 

8. You know, Pumpkin, now that you're thirteen, you'll be ready for unchaperoned car dates. Won't that be fun? 

7. Here's a credit card and the keys to my new car - GO CRAZY. 

6. What do you mean you wanna play football? Figure skating not good enough for you, son? 

5. Your mother and I are going away for the weekend...you might want to consider throwing a party. 

4. Well, I don't know what's wrong with your car. Probably one of those doo-hickey thingies - you know, that makes it run or something. Just have it towed to a mechanic and pay whatever he asks. 

3. No son of mine is going to live under this roof without an earring, now quit your belly-aching, and let's go to the mall. 

2. Whaddya wanna go and get a job for? I make plenty of money for you to spend. 

1. Father's Day? Aaahh-don't worry about that - it's no big deal.The man approached the very beautiful woman in the large supermarket and asked, "You know, I've lost my wife here in the supermarket. Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes?" 

"Why?" 

"Because every time I talk to a beautiful woman my wife appears out of nowhere."I. Know that although the cat has the advantage of quickness and lack of concern for human life, you have the advantage of strength. Capitalize on that advantage by selecting the battlefield. Don't try to bathe him in an open area where he can force you to chase him. Pick a very small bathroom. If your bathroom is more than four feet square, I recommend that you get in the tub with the cat and close the sliding -glass doors as if you were about to take a shower. (A simple shower curtain will not do. A berserk cat can shred a three-ply rubber shower curtain quicker than a politician can shift positions.) 

II. Know that a cat has claws and will not hesitate to remove all the skin from your body. Your advantage here is that you are smart and know how to dress to protect yourself. I recommend canvas overalls tucked into high-top construction boots, a pair of steel-mesh gloves, an army helmet, a hockey face-mask, and a long-sleeved flak jacket. 

III. Use the element of surprise. Pick up your cat nonchalantly, as if to simply carry him to his supper dish. (Cats will not usually notice your strange attire. They have little or no interest in fashion as a rule.) 

IV. Once you are inside the bathroom, speed is essential to survival. In a single liquid motion, shut the bathroom door, step into the tub enclosure, slide the glass door shut, dip the cat in the water and squirt him with shampoo. You have begun one of the wildest 45 seconds of your life. 

V. Cats have no handles. Add the fact that he now has soapy fur, and the problem is radically compounded. Do not expect to hold on to him for more than two or three seconds at a time. When you have him, however, you must remember to give him another squirt of shampoo and rub like crazy. He'll then spring free and fall back into the water, thereby rinsing himself off. (The national record for cats is three latherings, so don't expect too much.) 

IV. Next, the cat must be dried. Novice cat bathers always assume this part will be the most difficult, for humans generally are worn out at this point and the cat is just getting really determined. In fact, the drying is simple compared with what you have just been through. That's because by now the cat is semi-permanently affixed to your right leg. You simply pop the drain plug with your foot, reach for your towel and wait. (Occasionally, however, the cat will end up clinging to the top of your army helmet. If this happens, the best thing you can do is to shake him loose and to encourage him toward your leg.) After all the water is drained from the tub, it is a simple matter to just reach down and dry the cat. In a few days the cat will relax enough to be removed from your leg. He will usually have nothing to say for about three weeks and will spend a lot of time sitting with his back to you. He might even become psychoceramic and develop the fixed stare of a plaster figurine. You will be tempted to assume he is angry. This isn't usually the case. As a rule he is simply plotting ways to get through your defenses and injure you for life the next time you decide to give him a bath. 

But at least now he smells a lot better.When a guy's printer type began to grow faint, he called a local repair shop where a friendly man informed him that the printer probably needed only to be cleaned. Because the store charged $50 for such cleanings, he told him he might be better off reading the printer's manual and trying the job himself. 

Pleasantly surprised by his candor, he asked, "Does your boss know that you discourage business?" 

"Actually, it is my boss's idea," the employee replied sheepishly. "We usually make more money on repairs if we let people try to fix things themselves first."If you messed up your life, you could press "Ctrl, Alt, Delete" and start all over! 

To get your daily exercise, just click on "run"! 

If you needed a break from life, click on "suspend". 

Hit "any key" to continue life when ready. 

To get even with the neighbors, turn up the sound blaster. 

To "add/remove" someone in your life, click settings and control panel. 

To improve your appearance, just adjust the display settings. 

If life gets too noisy, turn off the speakers. 

When you lose your car keys, click on "find". 

"Help" with the chores is just a click away. 

You'd use your diskette to recover from a crash. 

We could click on "send" and the kids would go to bed immediately. 

To feel like a new person, click on "refresh". 

Click on "close" to shut up the kids and spouse. 

To undo a mistake, click on "back". 

Is your wardrobe getting old? Click "update". 

If you don't like cleaning the litter box, click on "delete".While my brother-in-law was tapping away on his home computer, his ten-year-old daughter sneaked up behind him. Then she turned and ran into the kitchen, squealing to the rest of the family, "I know Daddy's password! I know Daddy's password!" 

"What is it? her sisters asked eagerly. 

Proudly she replied, "Asterisk, asterisk, asterisk, asterisk, asterisk!"A doctor and a lawyer were talking at a party. Their conversation was constantly interrupted by people describing their ailments and asking the doctor for free medical advice. After an hour of this, the 
exasperated doctor asked the lawyer, "What do you do to stop people from asking you for legal advice when you're out of the office?" 

"I give it to them," replied the lawyer, "and then I send them a bill." 

The doctor was shocked, but agreed to give it a try. The next day, still feeling slightly guilty, the doctor prepared the bills. 

When he went to place them in his mailbox, he found a bill from the lawyer.In a murder trial, the defense attorney was cross-examining the coroner: 

Attorney: Before you signed the death certificate, had you taken the pulse? 

Coroner: No. 

Attorney: Did you listen to the heart? 

Coroner: No. 

Attorney: Did you check for breathing? 

Coroner: No. 

Attorney: So, when you signed the death certificate, you weren't sure the man was dead, were you? 

Coroner: Well, let me put it this way. The man's brain was sitting in a jar on my desk. But I guess it's possible he could be out there practicing law somewhere.Two blondes were walking down the street. One noticed a compact on the sidewalk and leaned down to pick it up. She opened it, looked in the mirror and said, "Hmmm, this person looks familiar." The second blonde said, "Let me look!" The first blonde handed her the compact. The second blonde looked in the mirror and said, "You dummy, it's me!A man was tired of being bossed around by his wife, so he went to see a psychiatrist. 

The psychiatrist said he needed to build his self-esteem and so gave him a book on assertiveness, which he read on the way home. He finished the book by the time he reached his house. 

The man stormed into the house and walked up to his wife. 

Pointing a finger in her face, he said, "From now on, I want you to know that - I - am the man of this house, and my word is law! 

"I want you to prepare me a gourmet meal tonight, and when I'm finished eating my meal, I expect a sumptuous dessert afterward. 

"Then, after dinner, you're going to draw me my bath so I can relax. And, when I'm finished with my bath, guess who's going to dress me and comb my hair?" 

His wife replied, "The funeral director."A young couple was invited to a swanky masked Halloween Costume party. 

The wife came down with a terrible headache and told her husband to go to the party and have a good time. 

Being the devoted husband, he protested, but she argued and said she was going to take some aspirin and go to bed. She told him there was no need for him to miss the fun. 

So he took his costume and away he went. 

The wife, after sleeping soundly for about an hour, awakened 
without pain, and as it was still early she decided to go to the party. 

Because hubby did not know what her costume was, she thought she would have some kicks watching her husband to see how he acted when she was not around. 

She joined the party and soon spotted her husband cavorting around on the dance floor. He was dancing with every nice chick he could, and copping a feel here and taking a little kiss there. 

His wife sidled up to him and being a rather seductive babe herself, he left his partner high and dry and devoted his time to the new action. 

She let him go as far as he wished; naturally, since he was her husband. Finally he whispered a little proposition in her ear and she agreed, so off they went to one of the cars and had a little bang. 

Just before unmasking at midnight, she slipped out, went home, put the costume away and got into bed, wondering what kind of excuse he would have for his notorious behavior. 

She was sitting up reading when he came in, and she asked him what he had done. 

He said, "Oh, the same old thing. You know I never have a good time when you're not there." 

Then she asked, "Did you dance much?" 

He replied, "I'll tell you, I never even danced one dance. When I got to the party I met Pete, Bill and some other guys, so we went into the den and played poker all evening. 

But I'll tell you . . . the guy that I loaned my costume to sure had one hell of a time!"The fourth-grade teacher had to leave the room for a few minutes. 

When she returned, she found the children in perfect order. Everybody was sitting absolutely quiet. 

She was shocked and stunned and said, "I've never seen anything like this before. This is wonderful. But, please tell me, what came over all of you? Why are you so well behaved and quiet?" 

Finally, after much urging, little Sally spoke up and said, "Well, one time you said that if you ever came back and found us quiet, you would drop dead."As a trucker stops for a red light, a blonde catches up. 

She jumps out of her car, runs up to his truck, and knocks on the window. 

The trucker lowers the window, and she says "Hi, my name is Heather and you are losing some of your load." 

The trucker ignores her and proceeds down the street. 

When the truck stops for another red light, the blonde catches up again. She jumps out of her car, runs up and knocks on the window. 

Again, the trucker lowers the window. As if they've never spoken before, the blonde says brightly, "Hi my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!" 

Shaking his head, the trucker ignores her again and continues down the street. 

At the third red light, the same thing happens again. All out of breath, the blonde gets out of her car, runs up, knocks on the truck window. The trucker lowers the window. Again she says "Hi, my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!" 

When the light turns green the trucker revs up and races to the next light. When he stops this time, he hurriedly gets out of the truck, and runs back to the blonde. 

He knocks on her window, and as she lowers it, he says "Hi, my name is George, it's winter in Minnesota and I'm driving the SALT TRUCK!"A blonde goes for a job interview in an office. The interviewer decides to start with the basics. 

"So, Miss, can you tell me your age, please?" The blonde counts carefully on her fingers for about 30 seconds before replying, "Ehhhh ... 22!" 

The interviewer tries another straightforward one to break the ice. "And can you tell me your height, please?" 

The young lady stands up and produces a measuring tape from her handbag. She then traps one end under her foot and extends the tape to the top of her head. She checks the measurement and announces, "Five foot two." 

This isn't looking good, so the interviewer goes for the real basics. "And ehh, just to confirm for our records, your name, please?" 

The blonde bobs her head from side to side for about twenty seconds, mouthing something silently to herself, before replying, "Mandy!" 

The interviewer is completely baffled at this stage, so he asks, "Just out of curiosity, Miss, I can understand your counting on your fingers to work out your age, and the measuring tape for your height is obvious, but what were you doing when I asked you your name?" 

"Oh that!" replies the Blonde, "That's just me running through, 'Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you'."A man called the gorilla exterminator because a gorilla was in the tree in his front yand. When the exterminator came he had a gun, a stick, and a dog. He explained that he would climb the tree and poke the gorilla with the stick until it falls from the tree. 
"Then my dog will bite his testicles off."
The guy suspiciously asked, "What is the gun for?"
The exterminator replied, "If I fall out of the tree before the gorilla, then you shoot the dog."Have you ever wondered.....

Why Most homes have lots of windows in the house, how ever, more than half of them are usually covered up with blinds so people can't see you. 

If blind people can still see kindness in a person.

Would they still have the same motto " No Shirt, No pants, No service" in a porn shop.

Why on "children's tylonnel" they put " Do not drive right after you have taken this".

Why Many packaged peanut bags will say " May contain traces of peanuts" on them? 

Will you be smarter if you eat smarties( canadian candy)

Will you be dumber if you lift dumb bells

AND FINALLY.....



Will you be able to figure out how long you slept if you bring a ruler to bed with you?1) When there's only one other person in the elvator, tap them on the shoulder and then pretend it wasn't you.

2) Push the buttons and pretend they give you a shock. Smile, and go back for more.

3) Ask if you can push the button for other people, but push the wrong ones.

4) Call the Psychic Hotline from your cell phone and ask if they know what floor you're on.

5) Hold the doors open and say you're waiting for a friend. After a while, let the doors close, and say, "Hi Greg. How's your day been?"

6) Drop a pen and wait until someone goes to pick it up, then scream, "That's mine!"

7) Bring a camera and take pictures of everyone in the elevator.

8) Move your desk into the elevator and whenever anyone gets on, ask if they have an appointment.

9) Lay down the twister mat and ask people if they would like to play.

10) Leave a box in the corner, and when someone gets on, ask them if they can hear ticking.

11) Pretend you are a flight attendant and review emergency procedures and exits with the passengers.

12) Ask, "Did you feel that?"

13) Stand really close to someone, sniffing them occasionally.

14) When the doors close, announce to the others, "It's okay, don't panic, they open again!"

15) Swat at flies that don't exist.

16) Tell people that you can see their aura.

17) Call out, "Group Hug!" and then enforce it.

18) Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering, "Shut up, all of you, just shut up!"

19) Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside, ask, "Got enough air in there?"

20) Stand silently and motionless in the corner, facing the wall, without getting off.

21) Stare at another passenger for a while, then announce in horror, "You're one of THEM!" and back away slowly.

22) Wear a puppet on your hand and use it to talk to the other passengers.

23) Listen to the elevator walls with your stethoscope.

24) Make explosion noises when anyone presses a button.

25) Stare, grinning at another passenger for a while, then announce, "I have new socks on."

26) Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the other passnegers, "This is MY personal space!"If you're fat. can you still disapear into thin air?

If you're fat, can you still have slim chances of doing something?Joe walks out of a bar, swaying back and forth with a key in his hand. A cop on the beat sees him and approaches. 
"Can I help you, fella?" asks the cop. 

"Yes! Somebody stole my car!" Joe replies. 

The cop asks, "Okay, where was your car the last time you saw it?" 

"It was at the end of this key!" Joe replies. 

At this point, the cop looks down and sees Joe's penis hanging out of his trousers. So he asks Joe, "Hey buddy, are you aware that you're exposing yourself?" 

Joe looks down sadly and moans, "Oh God.... they got my girlfriend too!"What's the difference between yo mamma and a water buffalo?

About 20 pounds!

How do you even out the difference?

Either force feed the buffalo or shave your mom.You know you're a redneck if:

1) You drive your house and sleep in your car.

2) You think a loaded dishwasher means your wife is drunk.

3) You have more than 2 relatives named Buh Buh.

4) You let your 12 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table in front of HER kids.

5) You've been to a wedding reception at the waffle house.This is a story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and  Nobody.

There was an important job to be done, and Everybody was asked to do it. Everybody was sure Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but  Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about that, because it was Everybody's job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn't do it.
It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done.Some of you might like to know what the supervisor is really saying in all those glowing employee work performance evaluations he/she keeps cranking out. Well, here it is:

AVERAGE: Not too bright.

EXCEPTIONALLY WELL QUALIFIED: Has committed no major blunders to date.

ACTIVE SOCIALLY: Drinks heavily.

ZEALOUS ATTITUDE: Opinionated.

CHARACTER ABOVE REPROACH: Still one step ahead of the law.

UNLIMITED POTENTIAL: Will stick with us until retirement.

QUICK THINKING: Offers plausible excuses for errors.

TAKES PRIDE IN WORK: Conceited.

TAKES ADVANTAGE OF EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO PROGRESS: Buys drinks for superiors.

INDIFFERENT TO INSTRUCTION: Knows more than superiors.

STERN DISCIPLINARIAN: A real jerk.

TACTFUL IN DEALING WITH SUPERIORS: Knows when to keep mouth shut.

APPROACHES DIFFICULT PROBLEMS WITH LOGIC: Finds someone else to do the job.

A KEEN ANALYST: Thoroughly confused.

NOT A DESK PERSON: Did not go to college.

EXPRESSES SELF WELL: Can string two sentences together.

SPENDS EXTRA HOURS ON THE JOB: Miserable home life.

CONSCIENTIOUS AND CAREFUL: Scared.

METICULOUS IN ATTENTION TO DETAIL: A nitpicker.

DEMONSTRATES QUALITIES OF LEADERSHIP: Has a loud voice.

JUDGEMENT IS USUALLY SOUND: Lucky.

MAINTAINS PROFESSIONAL ATTITUDE: A snob.

KEEN SENSE OF HUMOR: Knows lots of dirty jokes.

STRONG ADHERENCE TO PRINCIPLES: Stubborn.

GETS ALONG EXTREMELY WELL WITH SUPERIORS AND SUBORDINATES ALIKE: A coward.

SLIGHTLY BELOW AVERAGE: Stupid.

OF GREAT VALUE TO THE ORGANIZATION: Turns in work on time.

IS UNUSUALLY LOYAL: Wanted by no-one else.

ALERT TO COMPANY DEVELOPMENTS: An office gossip.

REQUIRES WORK-VALUE ATTITUDINAL READJUSTMENT: Lazy and hard-headed.

HARD WORKER: Usually does it the hard way.

ENJOYS JOB: Needs more to do.

HAPPY: Paid too much.

WELL ORGANIZED: Does too much busywork.

COMPETENT: Is still able to get work done if supervisor helps.

CONSULTS WITH SUPERVISOR OFTEN: Pain in the ass.

WILL GO FAR: Relative of management.

SHOULD GO FAR: Please.

USES TIME EFFECTIVELY: Clock watcher.

VERY CREATIVE: Finds 22 reasons to do anything except original work.

USES RESOURCES WELL: Delegates everything.

DESERVES PROMOTION: Create new title to make him/her feel appreciated.You Know You've Turned Into a Mom When...
You automatically double-knot everything you tie. 

You find yourself humming the Barney song as you do the dishes. 

You hear a baby cry in the grocery store, and you start to gently sway back and forth, back and forth. However, your children are at school! 

You actually start to like the smell of strained carrots mixed with applesauce. 

You weep through the scene in Dumbo when his mom is taken away, not to mention what Bambi does to you. 

You get soooo into crafts you contemplate writing a book called 101 Fun Crafts to do with Dryer Lint and Eggshells. 

You spend a half hour searching for your sunglasses only to have your teenager say, "Mom, why don't you wear the ones you pushed up on your head?" 

You are out for a nice romantic meal with your husband, enjoying some real adult conversation, when suddenly you realize that you've reached over and started to cut up his steak!A Grandmother was surprised by her 7 year old grandson one morning when he had made her coffee. 

She drank what was the worst cup of coffee in her life. When she got to the bottom there were three of those little green army men in the cup. She said, "Honey, what are the army men doing in my coffee?" 

Her grandson said, "Grandma, it says on TV-'The best part of waking up is soldiers in your cup!'"Trouser was normally a happy-go-lucky dog. He would chase tennis balls, play with other doggies, and eat his dinner without a fuss. He was a dog without a care. But on that fateful autumn afternoon, it was to be different. Trouser's owners were walking him along a trail at the park, when suddenly from out of the bushes jumped a man all dressed in black. He had white paint on his face, and was gesturing annoyingly at Trouser's masters. This strange person spoke not a word, but proceeded to pretend that he was trapped in a box and that he was pulling on a long rope. Seeing the sheer horror on his masters' faces, Trouser took it upon himself to rectify the situation. With a low growl he jumped and sank his teeth into this annoying pseudo clown's leg. Trouser immediately got a sickened look in his eyes and began to vomit wildly. He then dragged his tongue all over the ground in an effort to remove the man's foul essence from his mouth. For Trouser had learned that .... a mime is a terrible thing to taste.Police Chief: As a recruit, you'll be faced with some difficult issues. What would you do if you had to arrest your mother?

New Recruit: Call for backup!A police officer stopped a motorist who was speeding down Main Street.

"But officer," the man began, "I can explain."

"Just be quiet," snapped the officer. "I'm going to let you cool your heels in jail until the chief gets back."

"But, officer, I just wanted to say," "And I said to keep quiet! You're going to jail!"

A few hours later the officer looked in on his prisoner and said, "Lucky for you that the chief's at his daughter's wedding... He'll be in a good mood when he gets back."

"Don't count on it," answered the fellow in the cell. "I'm the groom."It was the final examination for an introductory Biology course at the local university. Like many such freshman courses, it was designed to weed out new students, having over 500 students in the class! 

The examination was two hours long, and exam booklets were provided. The professor was very strict and told the class that any exam that was not on his desk in exactly two hours would not be accepted and the student would fail. Half of an hour into the exam, a student came rushing in and asked the professor for an exam booklet. 

"You're not going to have time to finish this," the professor stated sarcastically as he handed the student a booklet. 

"Yes, I will," replied the student. He then took a seat and began writing. After two hours, the professor called for the exams, and the students filed up and handed them in. All except the late student, who continued writing. An hour later, the last student came up to the professor who was sitting at his desk preparing for his next class. He attempted to put his exam on the stack of exam booklets already there.

"No, you don't, I'm not going to accept that. It's late." 

The student looked incredulous and angry. 

"Do you know who I am?" 

"No, as a matter of fact I don't," replied the professor with an air of sarcasm in his voice. 

"Do you know who I am?" the student asked again in a louder voice. 

"No, and I don't care," replied the professor with an air of superiority. 

"Good," replied the student, who quickly lifted the stack of completed exams, stuffed his in the middle, and walked out of the room.The children had all been photographed, and the teacher was trying to persuade them each to buy a copy of the group picture. "Just think how nice it will be to look at it when you are all grown up and say, 'There's Jennifer; she's a lawyer,' or 'That's Michael, he's a doctor.'"

A small voice from the back of the room rang out, "And there's the teacher; she's still old, nasty, and wrinkled"One spring afternoon, I came home to find two little girls on the steps of my building. Both were crying hard, shedding big tears. 

Thinking they might be hurt, I dropped my briefcase and quickly went over to them. "Are you all right?" I asked. 
       
Still sobbing, one held up her doll. "My baby's arm came off," she said.
 
I took the doll and its disjointed arm. After a little effort and luck, the doll was again whole. 
       
"Thank you." came a whisper. 
       
Next, looking into the tearful eyes of her friend, I asked, "And what's the matter with you, young lady?" 
       
She wiped her cheeks. "I was helping her cry," she said.Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana who?

Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana who?

Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana who?

Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Banana.
Banana who?

Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Orange.
Orange who?
Orange you glad I didn't say banana!1 How do you fit an elephant into your fridge within 3 steps?

2 How do you fit a zebra in your fridge?

3 King of the jungle , the lion every animal in the jungle will come to his wedding but one animal won't which one is it?

4 A man needs to get to the other side of a bridge desperately  there are killer alligators that live in the river and there is no boat how do you get across??

1. step 1- open the fridge.
    step 2-  put elephant in the fridge.
    step 3- close the fridge.

2. step 1- open the fridge.
    step 2- take the elephant out.
    step 3- put the zebra in.
    step 4- close the fridge.
 
3.  The zebra because it is in the fridge.

4.  Swim because the alligators are at the wedding.Yo mamma so fat when she sat on a jelly bean it got lost between her butt and her backbone, and we have been looking for it still for 31 years.Q: What's the difference between a girls track team and a tribe of pygmies?

A: The pygmies are cunning little runts.Q: What do you call 4 blondes standing side-by-side?

A: A wind tunnel.Simon the humble Crab and Kate the Lobster Princess were madly, deeply and passionately in love. For months they enjoyed an idyllic relationship until one day Kate scuttled over to Simon in tears. 
 
"We can't see each other any more..." she sobbed. 
 
"Why?" gasped Simon. 
"Daddy says that crabs are too common," she wailed. "He claims you are a mere crab, and a poor one at that, and crabs are the lowest class of crustacean and that no daughter of his will marry someone who can only walk sideways." 
 
Simon was shattered, and scuttled sidewards away into the darkness to drink himself into a filthy state of aquatic oblivion. 
 
That night, the great Lobster ball was taking place. Lobsters came from far and wide, dancing and merry making, but the lobster Princess refused to join in, choosing instead to sit by her father's side, inconsolable. 
 
Suddenly the doors burst open, and Simon the crab strode in. 
 
The lobsters all stopped their dancing, the Princess gasped and the King Lobster rose from his throne. 
 
Slowly, Simon the crab made his way across the floor, and all could see that he was walking, not sideways, but FORWARDS; yes FORWARDS, one claw after another!
 
Step by step he made his approach towards the throne, until he looked the King Lobster in the eye. 
 
There was a deadly hush for quite a while. 
 
Finally, the crab spoke - "Bugger, I'm pissed."The following are 10 ways to tell if you have PMS,

1. Everyone around you has an attitude problem.
2. You're adding chocolate chips to your cheese omelet.
3. The dryer has shrunk every last pair of your jeans.
4. Your husband is suddenly agreeing to everything you say.
5. You're using your cellular phone to dial up every bumper sticker that says, "How's my driving - call 1-800-***-****."
6. Everyone's head looks like an invitation to batting
practice.
7. You're convinced there's a God and he's male.
8. You're counting down the days until menopause.
9. You're sure that everyone is scheming to drive you crazy.
10. The Motrin bottle is empty and you bought it yesterday.The following were actually published,

-Include your children when baking cookies!

-Safety Experts Say School Bus Passengers Should Be Belted

-Something Went Wrong in Jet Crash, Expert Says

-British Left Waffles on Falkland Islands

-Lost: small apricot poodle. Reward. Neutered. Like one of the family.

A superb and inexpensive restaurant. Fine food expertly served by waitresses in appetizing forms.

-Dinner Special -- 
Turkey $2.35;
Chicken or Beef $2.25;
Children $2.00.

-For sale: an antique desk suitable for lady with thick legs and large drawers.

-For sale: a quilted high chair that can be made into a table, pottie chair, rocking horse, refrigerator, spring coat, size 8 and fur collar.

-Four-poster bed, 101 years old. Perfect for antique lover.

-Now is your chance to have your ears pierced and get an extra pair to take home, too.

-Wanted: 50 girls for stripping machine operators in factory

-Wanted: Unmarried girls to pick fresh fruit and produce at night.

-We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand.

-No matter what your topcoat is made of, this miracle spray will make it really repellent.

-For Sale. Three canaries of undermined sex.

-Great Dames for sale.

-Have several very old dresses from grandmother in beautiful condition.

-Tired of cleaning yourself? Let me do it.

-20 dozen bottles of excellent Old Tawny Port, sold to pay for charges, the owner having lost sight of, and bottled by us last year.

-Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children.

-Vacation Special: have your home exterminated.

-If you think you've seen everything in Paris, visit the Pere Lachasis Cemetery. It boasts such immortals as Moliere, Jean de la Fontain, and Chopin.

-Mt. Kilimanjaro, the breathtaking backdrop for the Serena Lodge. Swim in the lovely pool while you drink it all in.

-The hotel has bowling alleys, tennis courts, comfortable beds, and other athletic facilities.

-Get rid of aunts: Zap does the job in 24 hours.

-Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast.More mistakes in publication,

-Sheer stockings. Designed for fancy dress, but so serviceable that lots of women wear nothing else.

-Stock up and save. Limit: one.

-Save regularly in our bank. You'll never reget it.

-We build bodies that last a lifetime. Offer expires December 31 or while supplies last.

-This is the model home for your future. It was panned by Better Homes and Gardens.

-For Sale--Diamonds $20; microscopes $15.

-For Rent: 6-room hated apartment.

-Man, honest. Will take anything.

-Wanted: chambermaid in rectory. Love in, $200 a month. References required.

-Wanted: Part-time married girls for soda fountain in sandwich shop.

-Man wanted to work in dynamite factory. Must be willing to travel.

-Used Cars: Why go elsewhere to be cheated? Come here first!

-Christmans tag-sale. Handmade gifts for the hard-to-find person.

-Modular Sofas. Only $299. For rest or fore play.

-Wanted: Hair-cutter. Excellent growth potential.

-Wanted. Man to take care of cow that does not smoke or drink.

-3-year-old teacher need for pre-school. Experience preferred.

-Our experienced Mom will care for your child. Fenced yard, meals, and smacks included.

-Our bikinis are exciting. They are simply the tops.

-Auto Repair Service. Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once, you'll never go anywhere again.

-See ladies blouses. 50% off!

-Wanted: Preparer of food. Must be dependable, like the food business, and be willing to get hands dirty.

-Illiterate? Write today for free help.

-Girl wanted to assist magician in cutting-off-head illusion. Blue Cross and salary.

-Wanted. Widower with school-age children requires person to assume general housekeeping duties. Must be capable of contributing to growth of family.

-Mixing bowl set designed to please a cook with round bottom for efficient beating.

-Mother's helper--peasant working conditions.

-Semi-Annual after-Christmas Sale.

-And now, the Superstore--unequaled in size, unmatched in variety, unrivaled inconvenience.

-We will oil your sewing machine and adjust tension in your home for $1.00.What do you call a bear who's into gardening?

A Hairy Potter!How do you turn a blonde into a brunette?

Make her do a cartwheel!A married couple is driving down the interstate doing 55 mph, with the husband behind the wheel. His wife looks over at him and says, "Honey, I know we've been married for 15 years, but I want a divorce." The husband says nothing, but slowly increases speed to 60 mph.
She then says, "I don't want you to try to talk me out of it, because I've been having an affair with your best friend, and he's a better lover than you."
Again the husband stays quiet and just speeds up as his anger increases. She says, "I want the house." Again the husband speeds up, and now is doing 70 mph. She says, "I want the kids too."
The husband just keeps driving faster, and faster, now he's up to 80 mph. She says, "I want the car, the checking account, and all the credit cards too." The husband slowly starts to veer toward a bridge overpass piling, as she says, "Is there anything you want?"
The husband says, "No, I've got everything I need." She asks, "Really? What's that?"
The husband replies, just before they hit the wall at 90 mph, "I've got the airbag!"Insurance Form Statements...

Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have.

The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intention.

I thought my window was down, but I found it was up when I put my head through it.

I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.

A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.

The guy was all over the road. I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him.

I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother-in-law and headed over the embankment.

In an attempt to kill a fly I drove into a telephone pole.

I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home.

As I reached an intersection a hedge sprang up, obscuring my vision and I did not see the other car.

I had been driving for forty years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.

I was on the way to the doctor with rear end trouble when my universal joint gave way causing me to have an accident.

As I approached an intersection a sign suddenly appeared in a place where no stop sign had ever appeared before. I was unable to stop in time to avoid the accident.

To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front I struck a pedestrian.

My car was legally parked as it backed into another vehicle.

An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my car and vanished.

I was sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of the road when I struck him.

I saw a slow moving, sad faced old gentleman as he bounced off the roof of my car.

The indirect cause of the accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth.

I was thrown from my car as it left the road. I was later found in a ditch by some stray cows.

The telephone pole was approaching. I was attempting to swerve out of the way when I struck the front end.

The pedestrian had no idea which way to run as I ran over him.So you want a day off. Let's take a look at what you are asking for.

There are 365 days per year available for work.

There are 52 weeks per year in which you already have 2 days off per week, leaving 261 days available for work.

Since you spend 16 hours each day away from work, you have used up 170 days, leaving only 91 days available.

You spend 30 minutes each day on coffee breaks, which counts for 23 days each year, leaving only 68 days available.

With a 1 hour lunch each day, you used up another 46 days, leaving only 22 days available for work.

You normally spend 2 days per year on sick leave. This leaves you only 20 days per year available for work.

We are off 5 holidays per year, so your available working time is down to 15 days.

We generously give 14 days vacation per year which leaves only 1 day available for work and I'll be damned if you are going to take that day off!1. Blaming your farts on me...not funny...not funny at all. 

2. Yelling at me for barking...I AM DOG!! 

3. How you naively believe that the stupid cat isn't all over everything  while you're gone. Have you noticed that your toothbrush tastes a little like cat  spit?!! 

4. Taking me for a walk, then not letting me check stuff out.  EXACTLY whose  walk is this anyway? 

5. Any trick that involves balancing food on my nose..........stop it. 

6. Yelling at me for rubbing my bum on your carpet. Why'd you buy the carpet? 


7. Getting upset when I sniff the crotches of your guests. Sorry, but I  haven't quite mastered that firm handshake thing yet. 

8. How you act disgusted when I lick myself. Look, we both know the truth,  you're just jealous. 

9. Dog sweaters. Hello ????? Have you noticed the fur? 

10. Any haircut that involves bows or ribbons. Now, you know why we chew your  stuff up when you're not home. 

11. When you stop to pick up the poop in the yard. Do you realize how far  behind schedule that puts me? 

12. Taking me to the vet for "the big snip," then acting surprised when I  FREAK out every time we go back. 

13. The sleight of hand, fake-fetch-throw. You fooled a dog! What a proud  moment for the top of the food chain.Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.

The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last 600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale.

Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."

The brunette arrives at the man's ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.

She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch.  I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."

The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It's just 99 cents a word."

Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.

After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says,"I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.'"

The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?"

The brunette explains, "My sister's blonde."

"She'll read it very slow."Abraham Lincoln, Bill Clinton, and George Washington were all on an airplane looking out the door. George Washington says, " I'm going to make somebody happy"  then throws a $20 out of the plane. Bill Clinton says, "I'm going to make two people happy"  then throws 2 $20's out of the plane. Abraham Lincoln says "I'm going to make everybody happy"  and throws Bill Clinton out of the plane.Middle Age: when knees buckle and belts don't.Navy dentist's licence plate: TOP GUMPoise: the ability to continue speaking fluently while the other fellow is picking up the cheque.A man noted for his tact was awakened one morning at four o'clock by his ringing telephone. "Your dog's barking, and it's keeping me awake," said an irate voice.  The man thanked his caller and politely asked his name before hanging up.

The next morning at four o'clock, he called his neighbour back.  "Sir," he said, "I don't have a dog."After giving a woman a full medical examination, the doctor explained his prescription as he wrote it out. "When you get up, take the green pill with a glass of water.  Take the blue pill with a glass of water after lunch.  Then just before going to bed, take the red pill with another glass of water."

"Exactly what is my problem, Doctor?" the woman asked.

"You're not drinking enough water."God: "Whew! I just created a 24-hour period of alternating light and darkness on Earth."

Angel: "What are you going to do now?"

God: "Call it a day."Q: How many managers does it take to change a light bulb?

A: We've formed a task force to study the problem of why light bulbs burn out and to figure out what, exactly, we as supervisors can do to make the bulbs work smarter, not harder.Q: How many shipping department personnel does it take to change a light bulb?

A: We can change the bulb in seven to ten working days, but if you call before 2 p.m. and pay an extra $15, we can get it changed overnight.Q: How many management information services guys does it take to change a light bulb?

A: MIS has received your request concerning your hardware problem and has assigned you request number 39712.  Please use this number for any future reference to the light bulb issue.A six-year-old comes crying to his mother because his little sister pulled his hair.  "Don't be angry at your sister," the mother says.  "She doesn't realize that pulling hair hurts."  

A short while later, there's more crying, and the mother goes to investigate.  This time the sister is bawling, and her brother says, "Now she knows."A woman was shopping at her local supermarket where she selected a half-gallon of 2% milk, a carton of eggs, a quart of orange juice, a head of romaine lettuce, a 2 lb. can of coffee, and a l lb. package of bacon.  As she was unloading her items on the conveyor belt to check out, a drunk standing behind her watched as she placed the items in front of the cashier.

While the cashier was ringing up her purchases, the drunk calmly stated, "You must  be single."  The woman was a bit startled by this proclamation, but she was equally intrigued by the derelict's intuition, since she was indeed single.  

She looked at her six items on the belt and saw nothing particularly unusual about her selections that could have tipped off the drunk to her marital status.  Curiosity getting the better of her, she said, "Well, you know what, you're absolutely correct.  But how on earth did you know that?"

The drunk replied, "Cause you're ugly."When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled 'All Men Are Idiots.' Then she will get on with her life. 

A male has a little more trouble letting go. Six months after the breakup, at 3 am on a Sunday morning, he will call and say, "I just wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and hate you, and you're a total floozy. But I want you to know that there's always a chance for us." 

This is known as the 'I Hate You, I Love You' drunken phone call and 99 percent of all men have made it at least once. There are community colleges that offer courses to help men get over this needMen's magazines often feature pictures of naked women. Women's magazines also feature pictures of naked women. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is lumpy and hairy and should not be seen by the light of day. Men are turned on at the sight of a naked woman's body. Most naked men elicit laughter from women."Honey," said this husband to his wife, "I invited a friend home for supper."

"What? Are you crazy? The house is a mess, I didn't go shopping, all the dishes are dirty, and I don't feel like cooking a fancy meal!"

"I know all that."

"Then why did you invite a friend for supper?"

"Because the poor fool's thinking about getting married."A man goes to the doctor with a long history of migraine headaches. When the doctor does his history and physical, he discovers that his poor patient has had practically every therapy known to man for his migraines and STILL no improvement.

"Listen," says the Doc, "I have migraines too, and the advice I'm going to give you isn't really anything I learned in medical school, but it's advice that I've gotten from my own experience. When I have a migraine, I go home, get in a nice hot bathtub, and soak for a while. Then I have my wife sponge me off with the hottest water I can stand, especially around the forehead. This helps a little. Then I get out of the tub, take her into the bedroom, and even if my head is killing me, I force myself to have sex with her. Almost always, the headache is immediately gone. Now, give it a try, and come back and see me in six weeks."



Six weeks later, the patient returns with a big grin.

"Doc! I took your advice and it works! It REALLY WORKS! I've had migraines for 17 years and this is the FIRST time anyone has ever helped me!"

"Well," says the physician, "I'm glad I could help."



"By the way, Doc," the patient adds, "you have a REALLY nice house."A  father and son went hunting together for the first time. The father said "Stay here and be VERY QUIET. I'll be across the field." A few minutes later the father heard a blood curdling scream and ran back to his son asking "What's wrong? I told you to be quiet."

The son answered, "Look, I was quiet when the snake slithered across my feet. I was quiet when the bear breathed down my neck. But when the two chipmunks crawled up my pant legs and said "Should we eat them here or take them with us?" I panicked...Height of Patience: 
A naked woman lying down with her legs apart under a banana tree.

Height of Frustration: 
A boxer trying to scratch his balls.

Height of Innocence: 
A teenage girl applying Clearasil to her nipples.

Height of Laziness: 
A guy lying on a girl and waiting for an earthquake to do the rest.

Height of Competition: 
A guy peeing beside a waterfall.

Height of Sophistication: 
Sucking nipples with a straw.

Height of Disgust: 
While wiping after a good toilet dump, your finger pokes through the paper.

Height of Technology: 
A condom with a zip.

Height of Trouble: 
A one handed man hanging from a cliff and his arse is itching."Mummy, Mummy. I was at the playground and Daddy..." Mummy tells him to slow down. She wants to hear the story, so Little Johnny tells her. 

"I was at the playground and I saw Daddy's car go into the woods with Aunt Jane. I went back to look and he was giving Aunt Jane a big kiss, then he helped her take off her shirt, then Aunt Jane helped Daddy take his pants off, then Aunt Jane laid down on the seat, then Daddy..."

At this point Mummy cut him off and says, "Johnny, this is such an interesting story, suppose you save the rest of it for suppertime. I want to see the look on Daddy's face when you tell it tonight."

At the dinner table, Mummy asks Little Johnny to tell his story. Johnny starts his story, describing the car going into the woods, the undressing, laying down on the seat and "... then Daddy and Aunt Jane did that same thing Mummy and Uncle Bill used to do when Daddy was in the Navy."A  lawyer and two friends--a Rabbi, and a Hindu holy man--had car trouble in the countryside and asked to spend the night with a farmer. 

The farmer said, "There might be a problem. You see, I only have room for two to sleep in the house. So one of you must sleep in the barn." 

"No problem," chimed the Rabbi. "My people wandered in the desert for forty years. I am humble enough to sleep in the barn for one evening." With that he departed to the barn, and the others bedded down for the night. 

Moments later a knock was heard at the door; the farmer opened the door. There stood the Rabbi from the barn. "What's wrong?" asked the farmer. He replied, "I am grateful to you, but I just can't sleep in the barn. There is a pig in the barn, and my faith believes that is an unclean animal." 
His Hindu friend agrees to swap places with him. But a few minutes later the same scene reoccurs. There is a knock on the door. "What's wrong?" the farmer asks. The Hindu holy man replies, "I, too, am grateful for your helping us out, but there is a cow in the barn. In my country cows are considered sacred and I can't sleep on holy ground!" 

That left only the lawyer to make the change. He grumbled and complained, but went out to the barn. Moments later there was another knock on the farmer's door. Frustrated and tired, the farmer opens the door, and there stood the pig and the cow.The ten things a guy knows about a girl: 

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. They have boobs.A couple was celebrating their golden wedding anniversary. 

Their domestic tranquility had long been known about the town, and on this very special occasion, a local newspaper reporter paid them a visit. 

He inquired as to the secret of their long and happy marriage. 

"Well"...explained the husband..."it all goes all the way back to our honeymoon, you see, we visited the Grand Canyon and we took a trip down to the bottom of the canyon by pack mule." 

He continues..."well now, we hadn't gone too far when my wife's mule stumbled, she quietly said...that's once." 

"We proceeded a little further when the mule stumbled again and my wife quietly spoke...that's twice." 

"You know, that mule hadn't gone a half-mile when it stumbled a third time." 

My wife promptly removed a gun from her purse, hopped off the beast, and shot the mule dead." 

"I protested over her treatment of the mule, she slowly turned to me and quietly said...that's once."A six year old goes to the hospital with his grandma to visit his grandpa. 

When they get to the hospital, he runs ahead of his grandma and bursts into his grampa's room. 

"Grampa, Grampa," he says excitedly, "as soon as grandma comes into the room, make a noise like a frog!" 

"What?" said his grandpa. 

"Make a noise like a frog because grandma said that as soon as you croaked, we're going to Disneyland!!!"A group of kindergartners were trying to become accustomed to the first grade. The biggest hurdle they faced was that the teacher insisted on no baby talk. 

"You need to use 'big people' words," she'd always remind them. She asked Chris what he had done over the weekend. "I went to visit my Nana." 

"No, you went to visit your GRANDMOTHER. Use big people words!" She then asked Mitchell what he had done. "I took a ride on a choo-choo." 

She said, "No, you took a ride on a TRAIN. Use big people words." She then asked Bobby what he had done. "I read a book," he replied. 

"That's WONDERFUL!" the teacher said. "What book did you read?" Bobby thought about it, then puffed out his little chest with great pride and said, "Winnie the Shit."Bill and Marla decided that the only way to pull off a Sunday afternoon quickie with their 10-year-old son in the apartment was to send him out on the balcony and order him to report on all the neighborhood activities. 

The boy began his commentary as his parents put their plan into operation. "There's a car being towed from the parking lot," he said. "An ambulance just drove by." A few moments passed. 

"Looks like the Anderson's have company," he called out. "Matt`s riding a new bike and the Coopers are having sex." 

Mom and dad shot up in bed. "How do you know that?" the startled father asked. 

"Their kid is standing out on the balcony too," his son replied.A five year old boy was living with his mother, as his parents had divorced. One Sunday, she decided to take him to the zoo for the first time in his life. As they passed the various assortment of animals, she would tell the little boy what they were called and make him repeat it. After the lions, gorillas, giraffes and bears, they came upon the elephant exhibit. 

"That's an elephant", the mother said. 

After the child repeated after her, he asked, "Mommy? What's that thing hanging down from the elephant?" 

The mother replied, "That's his trunk, sweetheart." 

"No, no", said the child, "Behind that!" 

"Oh, that's his tail", she said. 

"No, no!" the boy exclaimed. "That thing in the middle!" 

The woman was flustered and replied, "Uhhhh, that's nothing, honey!" And they moved on..... 

The next weekend, the boy's father came to pick him up and the child cried, "Daddy, let's go to the zoo! I learned all about the animals, and I want to show you what I learned!" 

The father agreed, so off to the zoo they went. As they passed each cage, the child would shout out the name of the animal, and the father would praise him for being so smart. Finally, they arrived at the elephant cage, and the boy shouted, "Elephant!" 

"Very GOOD", beamed the father. "I'm proud of you for remembering all these animals!" 

The boy asked, "Daddy? What's that thing hanging down on the elephant?" 

The father replied, "That's his trunk." 

"No!", the boy moaned, "Behind that!" 

"That's his tail", the father replied. 

"No, no! That thing in the middle!" 

The father stammered, "Er...what did your mother say it was?" 

"She said it was nothing!" 

"Well", the man said, puffing out his chest. "Your mother's spoiled!"A first-grade teacher, Ms Brooks was having trouble with one of her students. 

The teacher asked, "Harry what is your problem?" Harry answered, "I'm too smart for the first-grade. My sister is in the third -grade and I'm smarter than she is! I think I should be in the third-grade too!" 

Ms Brooks had enough. She took Harry to the principal's office. While Harry waited in the outer office, the teacher explained to the principal what the situation was. 

The principal told Ms Brooks he would give the boy a test and if he failed to answer any of his questions he was to go back to the first-grade and behave. 

She agreed. 

Harry was brought in and the conditions were explained to him and he agreed 

to take the test. 

Principal: "What is 3 x 3?" 

Harry: "9". 

Principal: "What is 6 x 6?" 

Harry: "36". 

And so it went with every question the principal thought a third-grade should know. 

The principal looks at Ms Brooks and tells her, "I think Harry can go to the third-grade." 

Ms Brooks says to the principal, "Let me ask him some questions?" The principal and Harry both agree. 

Ms Brooks asks, "What does a cow have four of that I have only two of? 

"Harry, after a moment "Legs." 

Ms Brooks: "What is in your pants that you have but I do not have?" 

Harry: "Pockets." 

Ms Brooks: "What does a dog do that a man steps into?" 

Harry: "Pants" 

Ms Brooks: What's a start with a C and ends with a T is hairy, oval, and delicious and contains thin whitish liquid? 

Harry: Coconut 

Ms Brooks: What goes in hard and pink then comes out soft and sticky? 

The principal's eyes open really wide and before he could stop the answer, 

Harry was taking charge. 

Harry: Bubblegum 

Ms Brooks: What does a man do standing up, a woman do sitting down and a dog do on three legs? 

The principal's eyes open really wide and before he could stop the answer. 

Harry: Shake hands 

Ms Brooks: Now I will ask some "Who am I" sort of questions, okay? 

Harry: Yep. 

Ms Brooks: You stick your poles inside me. You tie me down to get me up. I get wet before you do. 

Harry: Tent 

Ms Brooks: A finger goes in me. You fiddle with me when you're bored. The best man always has me first. 

The Principal was looking restless and a bit tense. 

Harry: Wedding Ring 

Ms Brooks: I come in many sizes. When I'm not well, I drip. When you blow 
me, you feel good. 

Harry: Nose 

Ms Brooks: I have a stiff shaft. My tip penetrates. I come with a quiver. 

Harry: Arrow 

Ms Brooks: What word starts with an 'F' and ends in 'K' that means a lot of 

heat and excitement? 

Harry: Fire truck 

The principal breathed a sigh of relief and told the teacher, "Put Harry in the fifth-grade, I got the last ten questions wrong myself."A mother was working in the kitchen listening to her 5 year old son playing with his new electric train in the living room. 

She heard the train stop and her son saying, "All of you sons of bitches who want off, get the hell off now... cause this is the last stop! And all of you sons of bitches who are getting on, get your asses in the train cause we're going down the tracks" 

The horrified mother went in and told her son, "We don't use that kind of language in this house. Now, I want you to go to your room and you are to stay there for TWO HOURS. When you come out, you may play with your train... but I want you to use nice language." 

Two hours later, the son came out of the bedroom and resumed playing with his train. Soon the train stopped and the mother heard her son say... "All passengers, please remember to take all of your belongings with you. We thank you and hope your trip was a pleasant one. We hope you will ride with us again soon." 

She heard her little darling continue... "for those of you just boarding, remember there is no smoking in the train. We hope you will have a pleasant and relaxing journey with us today." 

As the mother began to smile, the child added, "For those of you who are pissed off about the TWO HOUR delay, please see the bitch in the kitchen..."The kids filed back into class Monday morning. They were very excited. Their weekend assignment was to sell something, then give a talk on productive salesmanship. 

Little Mary led off: "I sold girl scout cookies and I made $30," she said proudly, "My sales approach was to appeal to the customer's civil spirit and I credit that approach for my obvious success." 

"Very good," said the teacher. 

Little Sally was next: "I sold magazines," she said, "I made $45 and I explained to everyone that magazines would keep them abreast of current events." 

"Very good, Sally," said the teacher. 

Eventually, it was Little Johnny's turn. 

Little Johnny walked to the front of the classroom and dumped a box full of cash on the teacher's desk."$2,467," he said. 

"$2,467!" cried the teacher, "What in the world were you selling?" "Tooth brushes," said Little Johnny. 
"Tooth brushes," echoed the teacher, "How could you possibly sell enough tooth brushes to make that much money?" 
"I found the busiest corner in town," said Little Johnny, "I set up a Dip & Chip stand. I gave everybody who walked by a sample. 
They all said the same thing. "Hey, this tastes like shit! "

Then I would say.............." It is shit. Wanna buy a toothbrush?"A husband and wife decided they needed to use "code" to indicate that they wanted to have sex without letting their children in on it. They decided on the word Typewriter. One day the husband told his five year old daughter, "Go tell your mommy that daddy needs to type a letter". The child told her mother what her dad said, and her mom responded, "Tell your daddy that he can't type a letter right now cause there is a red ribbon in the typewriter." The child went back to tell her father what mommy said. A few days later the mom told the daughter, "Tell daddy that he can type that letter now." The child told her father, returned to her mother and announced, "Daddy said never mind with the typewriter, he already wrote the letter by hand."One day the first grade teacher was reading the story of the Three Little Pigs to her class. She came to the part of the story where the first pig was trying to accumulate the building materials for his home. She read, "...And so the pig went up to the man with the wheelbarrow full of straw and said, 'Pardon me sir, but may I have some of that straw to build my house?'" 

The teacher paused then asked the class, "And what do you think that man said?" 

One little boy raised his hand and said, "I know"..he said 'Holy Shit! A talking pig!'"As a crowded airliner is about to take off, the peace is shattered by a 5-year-old boy who picks that moment to throw a wild temper tantrum. No matter what his frustrated, embarrassed mother does to try to calm him down, the boy continues to scream furiously and kick the seats around him. 

Suddenly, from the rear of the plane, an elderly man in the uniform of an Air Force General is seen slowly walking forward up the aisle. Stopping the flustered mother with an upraised hand, the white-haired, courtly, soft-spoken General leans down and, motioning toward his chest, whispers something into the boy's ear. 

Instantly, the boy calms down, gently takes his mother's hand, and quietly fastens his seat belt. All the other passengers burst into spontaneous applause. 

As the General slowly makes his way back to his seat, one of the cabin attendants touches his sleeve. 

"Excuse me, General," she asks quietly, "but could I ask you what magic words you used on that little boy?" 

The old man smiles serenely and gently confides, "I showed him my pilot's wings, service stars, and battle ribbons, and explained that they entitle me to throw one passenger out the plane door on any flight I choose."Finding one of her students making faces at others on the playground, Ms. Smith, the Sunday School teacher, smiling sweetly said, "Bobby, when I was a child I was told if that I made ugly an face, it would freeze and I would stay like that." 

Bobby looked up and replied, "Well, Ms. Smith, you can't say you weren't warned."Heard over the hospital public address system:

Due to a mix up in Urology, no apple juice will be served this morning.When ice skating, never judge a brook by its cover.Children certainly brighten up a home.  Who ever saw a child under 12 turn off an electric light?An American supply teacher came to a Canadian class one day. She told the students that she was an American and she asked if anyone else in the room was an American.
Even though not many people in the room were, everyone put up their hand not to be left out, except one girl.
The teacher stared at the girl and asked "If you're not an American, then what are you?" The girl replied, "I'm a proud Canadian."
The teacher asked "Why are you a Canadian?" The girl answered, "Because my parents are both Canadians."
The teacher asked "What if both of your parents are stupid, then what will you be?" The girl answered, "Then I would be an American!"There were three kids named My, Butt, and Stupid. They were pretty dumb and didn't know the word and. One day, they were playing ball on the sixth floor. Then, suddenly Stupid dropped the ball out the window. My jumped out the window to get the ball, while Butt tried to jump out the window to catch My. Stupid saw that the two of them fall out the window and ran down the stairs. When he got down, he saw a policeman looking at My and Butt. The policeman asked "Son, what is your name?" Stupid answered "I'm Stupid!" The policeman said "You're not stupid, son, now do you know what happened here?" Stupid answered "My Butt fell out the window!"One day, a grieving relative came to a grave yard to talk to the grave digger. 

The woman said to him "I am very poor, and I don't know how I can pay for my husband to be buried!"

 The grave digger replied "No problem, I have ways for you to save money while having your husband buried."

 "How?" The woman asked. 

"It's very simple," the grave digger replied. "To save money on the coffin, all you do is put your husband's body in a large plastic bag, instead of a coffin. To save money on space of the burial, bury your husband standing up instead of laying down. To save money on the headstone, all you need to do to identify your husband is to bury only half of his body and leave his head and half of his body above groud. This also saves money and labour of me digging a whole grave!"One day 4 Friars decided to take an early retirement. So they retired and spent most of their time at home. Getting bored with retirement they decided they needed to try something new. After talking it over they decided to open a floral shop in the town. They knew a bit about gardening and could probably make some nice profits.

So they set up shop and had the best flowers in all of town. People always bought their flowers instead of the competitions down the street. The competitions owner was pretty mad and one day he went up to the friars and said, "If you dont close this shop down in one week I will make you pay."

Not willing to back down to a threat the friars stayed in business for another week. Then the competitions owner came up to them with a message, "My son Hugh is getting out of jail in an hour. He'll be here to make sure you close down this shop."

An hour or two later a huge man came into the shop and started wrecking everything. He smashed vases, ripped apart flowers, and broke the shops windows while the terrified friars hid under the shops counter. When Hugh was through he left but gave them a warning, "If you rebuild your business I'll be back."


The Moral - "Only Hugh can prevent Florist Friars."What do you get when you see peas spinning in circles?

World Peace (whirled peas)A genetic scientist managed to create dolphins that would live to 250 years of age - if they were fed seagulls.

One day the scientist's supply of gulls ran out, so he went out to trap some more.  On the way back, he came upon two sleeping lions.  Not wanting to wake the big cats, he gingerly stepped over them and was promptly arrested for...


Transporting gulls across sedate lions for immortal porpoises!Once there was a girl at a restaurant and ordered anything in a saucer. The waiter was walking to her table when the girl tripped him. The waiter said "Why did you trip me?" 
And the girl, without the least of the waiter's worries simply said "I wanted to see a flying saucer!"What's the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot? 
Maybe someday we'll find Bigfoot.Farmer Joe decided his injuries from his recent accident were serious enough to take the trucking company responsible for the accident to court. In court, the trucking company's fancy lawyer was questioning farmer Joe. 
"Didn't you say, at the scene of the accident, that you were fine?"
"Well, I'll tell you what happened. I had just loaded my favorite mule, Bessie, into the - "
 
"I didn't ask for any details," the lawyer interrupted. "Just answer the question. Did you not say, at the scene of the accident, that you were fine?"

"Well, I had just got Bessie into the trailer and was driving down the road - " 

"Judge, I am trying to establish the fact that, at the scene of the accident, this man told the Highway Patrolman on the scene that he was just fine. Now, several weeks after the accident he is trying to sue my client. I believe he is a fraud. Please tell him to simply answer the question." By this time the Judge was fairly interested in Farmer Joe's answer and told the lawyer so. 

"Well," said the farmer, "as I was saying, I had just loaded Bessie, my favorite mule, into the trailer and was driving her down the highway when this huge semi-truck and trailer ran the stop sign and smacked my truck right in the side. I was thrown into one ditch and Bessie was thrown into the other. I was hurting real bad and didn't want to move. However, I could hear ol' Bessie moaning and groaning. I knew she was in terrible shape just by her groans. Shortly after the accident a Highway Patrolman came on the scene. He could hear Bessie moaning and groaning so he went over to her. After he looked at her he took out his gun and shot her between the eyes. Then the Patrolman came across the road with his gun in his hand and looked at me. He said, 'Your mule was in such bad shape I had to shoot her. How are you feeling?'"Yo mama so fat she's got a real horse on her polo shirt.R. B. Jones had just started a government job.  Human Resources sent him a letter, instructing him that they needed his full name for their records, otherwise he could not be paid.  They enclosed the proper form for him to fill out.

R.B. wrote back to explain that he HAS no other names, only the initials R.B.  So he filled in the form as follows:

First name: R (only)
Middle name: B (only)
Last name: Jones

Sure enough, come payday, R.B. received a pay cheque made out to Ronly Bonly Jones!Once there was a mom and a dad , they had a daughter called Angelica. So the dad was very thirsty because he had been driving a lot, so he asked his daughter "sweetheart can I have some of your juice?" She answers "daddy no drinking and driving, that's what the law says!!!"Once there were 3 guys, a Cuban, an American, and an Italian. So they worked together,and it was lunch time, so the American opens his lunch box and sees peanut-butter and jelly sandwich and he says, "If I get a peanut-butter jelly sandwich one more time I'm going to kill myself."
Then the Italian opens his lunch box and sees spaghetti and he says, "If I get spaghetti one more time I'm going to kill myself."
Lastly, the Cuban opens his lunch and sees black beans and he says, "If I get black beans one more time, I'm going to to do the same.

The next day the all open their lunch boxes, and the Cuban  sees black beans again, so he kills himself, then the Italian sees spaghetti again, so he kills himself also. Lastly, the American sees peanut-butter and jelly sandwich again so he kills himself too.

Then, at the funeral, their wifes are talking and the American wife says "Oh..! he should at least told me about his lunch, that way he wouldn't have killed himself."
Then the Italian wife agrees and says the same, and then the Cuban wife says, "But I don't understand, he makes his own lunch!"Great Chicken Recipe:

When I found this recipe I thought it was perfect for those who just are not sure how to tell when poultry is cooked thoroughly but not dried out. Give this a try.

 Baked Stuffed Chicken
 2-3 kg chicken
 1 cup melted butter
 1 cup stuffing
 1 cup uncooked popcorn
 salt & pepper to taste

 Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
 Brush chicken well with melted butter, salt and pepper.
 Fill cavity with stuffing and popcorn.
 Place in baking pan in the oven.
 Listen for the popping sounds.



 When the chicken's ass blows out of the oven door and flies across the room, the chicken is done.Little Johnny was on a plane when the stranger in the next seat said, "Let's talk. Flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passengers." 
 
Little Johnny, who had just opened his book, closed it slowly, and said to the stranger, "What would you like to discuss?" 
 
The stranger said, "How about nuclear power?" 
 
Johnny said, "That could be interesting. But first, I have a question. A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat the same thing, grass. Yet a deer excretes pellets, while a cow excretes a flat patty, and a horse excretes clumps of dried grass. Why do you suppose that is?" 
 
The stranger said, "I have no idea." 
 
Johnny said, "Well, then, why do you feel qualified to discuss nuclear power when you don't know shit?"Visitor :  "Knock knock?"

Worker:  "Who's there?"

Visitor :  "Doughnut Man."

Worker:  "Doughnut Man who?"

Visitor :  "For the last time, do not (doughnut) bother me with your useless 'Knock-Knock' jokes!"

Worker: "But you started it!"Knock-knock
Who's there
Who
Who who
I don't know what the heck your talking about but good owl impression.What do you call a blonde which is as sweet as a pickle and has dirty blonde hair?

A sweet potatoe!Two women met for the first time since graduating from high school.

One asked the other, "You were always so organized in school. Did you manage to live a well planned life?"

"Yes," said her friend. "My first marriage was to a millionaire; my second marriage was to an actor; my third marriage was to a preacher; and now I'm married to an undertaker."

Her friend asked, "What do those marriages have to do with a well planned life?"

"One for the money, two for the show, three to get ready, and four to go."Three ministers were talking about their common problem with bats in the belfry of the church.

The first minister said, "I shot at them with a shotgun, but it only spoiled the woodwork."

The second said, "I tried a more humane approach, netting them and releasing them 100 Km away. But they beat me back to the church!"

The third (who was looking pretty smug) said, "I caught them, and baptized and confirmed each one. I haven't seen them since."Q: Why are fingers on the statue of liberty 11 inches long?

A: Because if they were 12 inches they would be feet.Knock Knock??
who's there?
Hatch
Hatch-who?
Bless youWho's Bigger?  
Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby?


His baby cause he is a little Bigger.Why was Cinderella kicked off the basketball team?

She kept running away from the ball!!Knock KnocK???
Who's there?
Ya
Ya who?
Where did that cowboy come from??A Rabbi was walking home from the Temple and a pious and learned man who could usually beat the rabbi in religious arguments. The rabbi started walking faster so that he could catch up to his friend, when he was horrified to see his friend go into a Chinese restaurant (not a kosher one). Standing at the door, he observed his friend talking to a waiter and gesturing at a menu. A short time later, the waiter reappeared carrying a platter full of spare ribs, shrimp in lobster sauce, crab rangoon and other treif that the Rabbi could not bear to think about. As his friend picked up the chopsticks and began to eat this food, the Rabbi burst into the restaurant and reproached his friend, for he could take it no longer. "Morris, what is this you are doing? I saw you come into this restaurant, order this filth and now you are eating it in violation of everything we are taught about the dietary laws and with an apparent enjoyment that does not befit your pious reputation!" 
Morris replied, "Rabbi, did you see me enter this restaurant?" (Rabbi nods yes) 
"Did you see me order this meal?" (again he nods yes) 
"Did you see the waiter bring me this food?" (again he nods yes) 
"And did you see me eat it?" (nods yes) 
"Then, Rabbi, I don't see the problem here. The entire meal was done under Rabbinical supervision!"If a man becomes president, his wife is the first lady.

If a woman became president, what would you call her husband?

Whipped.There were three blondes in the forest and they saw some tracks.
The first blonde said, "Look, bear tracks."
The second blonde said, "No, stupid, those are wolf tracks."
The third blonde said, "You're both wrong, those are rabbit tracks."

Then the train came and ran them all over.1. Never trust a dog to watch your food. 
- Patrick, age 10

2. When your dad is mad and asks you, "Do I look stupid?" don't answer him. 
- Michael, 14

3. Never tell your mom her diet's not working. 
- Michael, 14

4. Stay away from prunes. 
- Randy, 9

5. Never pee on an electric fence. 
- Robert, 13

6. Don't squat with your spurs on. 
- Noronha, 13

7. Don't pull dad's finger when he tells you to. 
- Emily, 10

8. When your mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair. 
- Taylia, 11

9. Never allow your three-year old brother in the same room as your school assignment. 
- Traci, 14

10. Never hold a dust buster and a cat at the same time.
- Kyoyo, 9

11. You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.
- Armir, 9

12. Felt markers are not good to use as lipstick. 
- Lauren, 9

13. Don't pick on your sister when she's holding a baseball bat.
- Joel, 10

14. When you get a bad grade in school, show it to your mom when she's on the phone. 
- Alyesha, 13 

15. Never try to baptize a cat. 
- Eileen, 8A three-year-old boy went with his dad to see a litter of kittens. On returning home, he breathlessly informed his mother, "There were two boy kittens and two girl kittens." 
"How did you know?" his mother asked. 

Daddy picked them up and looked underneath, he replied, "I think it's printed on the bottom."A Duke is hunting in a forest with his men-at-arms and servants when he comes upon a tree. Archery targets are painted all over it, and smack in the middle of each is an arrow. 
"Who is this incredibly fine archer?" cries the Duke. "I must find him." 

After continuing through the forest for a few miles, he comes across a small boy carrying a bow and arrow. Eventually the boy admits that it was he who shot the arrows plumb in the center of all the targets. 

"You didn't just walk up to the targets and hammer the arrows into the middle, did you?" asks the Duke worriedly. 

"No my lord. I shot them from 100 paces. I swear it by all that I hold holy."

"That is truly astonishing," says the Duke. "I hereby admit you into my service, but I must ask one favor in return. You must tell me how you came to be such an outstanding shot."

"Well," said the boy, "first I fire the arrow at the tree, and then I paint the target around it."A Husband and Wife go to the hospital to deliver their child.  The doctor meets them and tells them that he has a new  system that will allow the father to take part or all of the mothers labor pains. They both agree and the delivery begins. 

The doctor turns the dial to 10%, so that the father will take 10% of the mothers pain. The husband says he feels fine, so the doctor puts it up a notch. The husband still feels fine, so the doctor puts it up to 30%. The husband still feels fine, so it goes up to 50%. The husband tells the doctor to go ahead and put it up to 100%. The husband still feels fine and the child is delivered and the wife felt virtually no pain at all. 

They both go back home with their child, where they find the mailman dead on their steps!!!"He who laughs last, thinks slowest."Signs you're a redneck Jedi;

-You ever heard the phrase, "May the force be with y'all."

-Your Jedi robe is camouflage.

-You have ever used your light saber to open a bottle of Bud Light.

-At least one wing of your X-Wings is primer colored.

-You can easily describe the taste of an Ewok.

-You have ever had a land-speeder up on blocks in your yard.

-The worst part of spending time on Dagobah is the dadgum skeeters.

-Wookiees are offended by your B.O.

-You have ever used the force to get yourself another beer so you didn't have to wait for a commercial.

-You have ever used the force in conjunction with fishing or bowling.

-Your father has ever said to you, "Shoot, son come on over to the dark side...it'll be a hoot."

-You have ever had your R-2 unit use its self-defense electro-shock thingy to get the barbecue grill to light up.

-You have a confederate flag painted on the hood of your land-speeder.

-You ever fantasized about Princess Leah wearing Daisy Duke shorts.

-You have the doors of your X-wing welded shut and you have to get in through the window.

-Although you had to kill him, you kinda thought that Jabba the Hutt had a pretty good handle on how to treat his women.

-You have a cousin who bears a strong resemblance to Chewbacca.

-You suggested that they outfit the Millennium Falcon with redwood deck.

-You were the only person drinking Jack Daniels during the cantina scene.

-If you hear . . . "Luke, I am your father...  and your uncle..."There was a boy and a teacher walking down the street one day. The teacher bought the boy some gum and after chewing it for a while it fell out of his mouth. He went to pick it up and the teacher said, "Never pick up things from the floor."
     Then, the teacher bought him an ice cream. It fell on the floor and he went to pick it up. Again, the teacher said to him, "Never pick up things from the floor."
     Next, the teacher bought the boy a lollypop. It fell to the floor and once again he went to pick it up. The teacher told him, "Never pick up things from the floor."
     After walking down the street some more there was a ditch ahead, but neither the boy nor the teacher noticed it. As they walked on the teacher fell in and started yelling at the boy, "Help me! Help me!
The boy just looked down at her and said, "Never pick up things from the floor..."Little Johnny's school was having show and tell, so the teacher started a 'Guess What's Behind My Back' game. She went to her desk and picked something up. 

"Okay class," she said, "guess what's behind my back. It's red, round, and shiny." 

"I know, teacher! It's an apple!" shouted Little Johnny! 

The teacher replied, "No little Johnny, it's a cherry, but I like the way you think." 

The teacher went to her desk again and picked up another item. 

"Okay class," she said, "what am I holding now? It's yellow, and soft. 

"I know, teacher! It's a banana! 

"No, Little Johny," said the teacher, "it's a tennis ball, but I like the way you think. 

At this point little Johnny was frustrated. "Okay teacher," he said, standing up, "this one's for you!" He stuck his hand in his pocket and pulled it out with his hand closed around it. "Okay what am I holding? It's round, hard, and has a head. 

Shocked the teacher yelled, "Little Johnny! Go to the office right now! That's inappropriate and you're in big trouble!" 

"For what, teacher?" Little Johnny said, grinning, "It's just a quarter, but I like the way you think!"Little Emily was complaining to her mother that her stomach hurt. Her mother replied, "That's because it's empty. Maybe you should try putting something in it." The next day, the pastor was over at Emily's family's house for lunch. He mentioned having his head hurt, to which Emily immediately replied, "That's because it's empty. Maybe you should try putting something in it."WIFE: "What would you do if I died? Would you get married again?" 
HUSBAND: "Definitely not!" 
WIFE: "Why not - don't you like being married?" 
HUSBAND: "Of course I do." 
WIFE: "Then why wouldn't you remarry?" 
HUSBAND: "Okay, I'd get married again." 
WIFE: "You would? (with a hurtful look on her face)." 
HUSBAND: (makes audible groan). 
WIFE: "Would you sleep with her in our bed?" 
HUSBAND: "Where else would we sleep?" 
WIFE: "Would you replace my pictures with hers?" 
HUSBAND: "That would seem like the proper thing to do." 
WIFE: "Would she use my golf clubs?" 
HUSBAND: "No, she's left-handed."The other night I was invited out for a night with "the girls." I promised my husband that I would be home by midnight. 

The hours passed and the champagne was going down way too easily. Around 3 a.m., drunk to the gills, I headed for home. Just as I got in the door, the cuckoo clock in the hall started up and cuckooed three times. Quickly realizing he'd probably wake up, I cuckooed another nine times. I was really proud of myself for coming up with such a quick-witted solution (even when smashed), in order to escape a possible conflict with him. 

The next morning my husband asked me what time I got in, and I told him 12:00. He didn't seem disturbed at all. "Whew," I thought, "got away with that one!" 

Then he said, "We need a new cuckoo clock." When I asked him why, he said, "Well, last night our clock cuckooed three times, then said, "Oh shit!" cuckooed four more times, cleared its throat, cuckooed another three times, giggled, cuckooed twice more, and then tripped over the cat and farted.A teacher was working with a group of children, trying to broaden their horizons through sensory perception. She brought in a variety of lifesavers and said, "Children, I would like you to close your eyes and taste these." 

The kids easily identified the taste of cherries, lemons and mint, but when the teacher gave them honey-flavored lifesavers, all of the kids were stumped. 

"I'll give you a hint," said the teacher. "It's something your daddy and mommy probably call each other all of the time."

Instantly, one of the kids coughed his onto the floor and shouted, 

"Spit 'em out, guys; they're assholes!"A man comes home from an exhausting day at work, plops down on the couch in front of the television, and tells his wife, "Get me a beer before it starts!" 

The wife sighs and gets him a beer. 

Ten minutes later, he says, "Get me another beer before it starts!" 

She looks cross, but fetches another beer and slams it down next to him. He finishes that beer and a few minutes later says, "Quick, get me another beer, it's going to start any minute!" 

The wife is furious. She yells at him "Is that all you're going to do tonight? Drink beer and sit in front of that TV? You're nothing but a lazy, drunken, fat slob, and furthermore..." 

The man sighs and says, "It's started..."Why did Michael Jackson cover his body in cheese spread?

Because kids will do anything for the taste of Dairylee.For all you Blonde ladies out there.

Why are blonde jokes so short?

So men can remember themWhat do you call a blond who can change a lightbulb?

TalentedWhat do you call a man who put the toilet seat down after use?

Don't know it's never happened.How many electricians does it take to change a lightbulb?

One I hope.Some people grow old gracefully, while others fight and scratch the whole way. 

Andy's wife, refusing to give in to the looks of growing old, goes out and buys a new line of expensive cosmetics guaranteed to make her look years younger. 

After a lengthy sitting before the mirror applying the "miracle" products, she asks her husband - "Darling, honestly, if you didn't know me, what age would you say I am?" 

Looking over her carefully, Andy replied,... 
"Judging from your skin, twenty; 
your hair, eighteen; 
and your figure, twenty five." 

"Oh, you flatterer!" she gushed. Just as she was about to tell Andy his reward, he stops her by saying... 

"WHOA, hold on there sweety!" Andy interrupted. 
"I haven't added them up yet!"When I went to lunch today, I noticed this lady about 75-80 years old sitting on a bench near the food court and she was sobbing her eyes out. I stopped and asked her what was wrong. 

She said: "I have a 22-year-old husband at home. He makes love to me every morning and then gets up and makes me pancakes, sausage, fresh fruit and freshly ground, brewed coffee." 

I said: "Well, then why are you crying?"

She said: "He makes me homemade soup for lunch and my favorite brownies and then makes love to me half the afternoon." 

I said: "Well, so why are you crying?" 

She said: "For dinner he makes me a gourmet meal with wine and my favorite desert and then makes love to me until 2:00am." 

I said: "Well, why in the world would you be crying?" 

She said: "BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER WHERE I LIVE!"All the good knights were leaving for the Crusades. 

One knight told his best friend - "My bride is without doubt one of the most beautiful women in the world. It would be a terrible waste if no man could have her. Therefore, as my best and most trusted friend, I am leaving you the key to her chastity belt to use should I not return from the Crusade." 

The company of knights were only a mile or so out of town when they noticed a cloud of dust approaching. 

Thinking it might be an important message from the town the column halted. 

A horseman approached. It was the knight's best friend. 

He yells - "Hey, you gave me the wrong key!!"What's the difference between a Ford and a golf ball? 
You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.There is an old lady driving on Interstate 22. A police car pulls her over and explains to the lady she is going 22 mph. She said, ''I know, isn't that the speed limit?" The officer said, ''No, this is Interstate 22''. The police officer looks in the back seat and there are three children looking quite ill. He asks her if they need help and she explains, ''No, we just left Interstate 119."A Marine stationed in Afghanistan recently received a "Dear John" letter from his girlfriend back home. It read as follows:
Dear Ricky, I can no longer continue our relationship. The distance between us is just too great. I must admit that I have cheated on you twice, since you've been gone, and it's not fair to either of us. I'm sorry.
Please return the picture of me that I sent to you. Love, Becky.

The Marine, with hurt feelings, asked his fellow Marines for any snapshots they could spare of their girlfriends, sisters, ex-girlfriends, aunts, cousins etc. In addition to the picture of Becky, Ricky included all the other pictures of the pretty gals he had collected from his buddies.

There were 57 photos in that envelope....along with this note:
Dear Becky,
I'm so sorry, but I can't quite remember who you are. Please take your picture from the pile, and send the rest back to me.
Take care, Ricky.On hearing that her elderly grandfather had just passed away, Susan went straight to her grandparent's house to visit her 95 year old grandmother and comfort her.
When she asked how her grandfather had died, her grandmother replied, "He had a heart attack while we were making love on Sunday morning."
Horrified, Susan told her grandmother that 2 people nearly 100 years old having sex would surely be asking for trouble.
"Oh no, my dear," replied granny. "Many years ago, realizing our advanced age, we figured out the best time to do it was when the church bells would
start to ring. It was just the right rhythm. Nice and slow and even. Nothing too strenuous, simply in on the Ding, and out on the Dong." She paused, wiped away a tear and then continued, "and if that damned ice cream truck hadn't come along, he'd still be alive today."Yo mama's teeth are so crooked, when she smiles her mouth looks like its throwin' up gang signs. 
Yo mama's teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.  
Yo mama's got one tooth and people call her chomper. 
Yo mama's teeth are so crooked, when she smiles it looks like her tongue is in jail.  
Yo mama's teeth are so crooked, she needs a map to find her tongue. 
Yo mama's teeth are so crooked, she uses them to cut chain at the hardware store.  
Yo mama's gold tooth is so fake, her whole mouth turned green.  
Yo mama's got two gold teeth, one says 24k and the other says "Believe that shit if you want to."  
Yo mama's teeth look like Honey Smacks. 
Yo mama's teeth are so ugly, she got pulled over for not having dental insurance.  
When I looked at Yo mama's teeth, I didn't know whether to smile or to kick a field goal. 
Yo mama's teeth are so black, it looks like she's been eatin' coal. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she has to brush them with a butter knife. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, I can't believe it's not butter. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she can butter a whole loaf of bread. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she slows down traffic when she smiles.  
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she drinks water it turns into lemonade.  
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she looks like she got a job taste testing butter scotch. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when God said "Let there be light", he told her to smile. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she closes her mouth her eyes light up. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she walked into a church, everybody said "I see the light!" 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, crows fly down and pick at them like it was corn. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, Dorothy and Toto thought it was the Yellow Brick Road. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiled, Dorothy made it to OZ. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she spits butter. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she looks like a cheeseburger. 
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she's got more gold than Fort Knox.  
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, you'd think she's been blowin' the Simpsons. Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she looks like she's got a Twinkie in her mouth.  
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.  
Yo mama's teeth are so nasty, they make Yuck Mouth afraid of the cavity creeps. 
 Yo mama's teeth are so big, when she sneezed she bit a hole in her chest.  
Yo mama's teeth are so big, her dentist charges her by the tooth. 
Yo mama's teeth are so big, it looks like her mom had an affair with Mr. Ed. 
Yo mama's teeth are so big, I thought they were piano keys.  
Yo mama's missing so many teeth, you can play checkers on her mouth.  
Yo mama's so toothless, it took her an hour to eat minute rice.  
Yo mama's so toothless, when she couldn't eat an apple, she just gummed it to death.  
Yo mama's got snakeskin teeth. Yo mama's got shark teeth.  
Yo mama's got one tooth in front and one in the back talkin' `bout "Give me a bite."  
Yo mama's got so many gaps in her teeth it looks like piano keys.  
Yo mama's teeth are so big and gapped, I could run hurdles with them.  
Yo mama's teeth are so gapped, bitch has to floss with a garden hose. 
Yo mama's teeth are so gapped, her front tooth says "Next tooth one mile." 
Yo mama's teeth are so crooked, she has to suck my dick sideways.  
Yo mama's got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tongue is in jail.  
Yo mama's got three teeth... one in her mouth and two in her pocket.  
Yo mama's got summer teeth... summer in her mouth and summer in her pocket.Let's get off moms, 'cause I just got off yours. 
Let's get off moms, 'cause she can't handle those five men on her now. 
I ain't got nuthin' bad to say 'bout Yo mama, 'cause her face says it all!  
I'm sorry, I shouldn't talk about Yo mama, 'cause I don't even know the man.  
Hey keep my mom out of this and I'll keep this out of Yo mama! 
 If I wanted any lip from you I'd jiggle my zipper.  
If I wanted a comeback, I'd just wipe it off Yo mama's chin.  
Hey, if I wanted a comeback, I'd wipe off your chin.  
Nice comeback muthafucka, you can scrape that off Yo chin and use it again!  
Hey I don't have a mom, me and my dad just use yours!  
Hey, I got nothing to say about Yo Mama 'cause she's a real saint... a Saint Bernard.  
Man, I ain't even gonna talk about yo daddy 'cause I know him. He's got a human body but a dog's behind... and around the way we call him a bitch ass nigga'.  
Man, that snap is so old you might as well be bustin' knock knock jokes. And speaking of knock knock, that's what my balls were doing on Yo Mama's chin last night.  
Man, that snap was staler than yo breath.  
Man, that snap is so old, the last time I heard it my grandfather was still wearing a leather condom.  
That was good, but not as good as Yo mama was last night.  
Man, that snaps older than Yo grandma's kick-start vibrator. 
 Man, that snaps older than the crust in Yo Mama's underwear.  
Speakin' of Yo mama, when I was doing her doggy style last night, I realized which side of the family you get your looks from.  
Speak where I fucked you last night, you fart you're a liar!  
(If your car is insulted) Well, it rides better than Yo mama.This 85 year old couple, having been married almost 60 years, had died in a car crash. They had been in good health the last ten years mainly due to her interest in health food, and exercise. 
       
When they reached the pearly gates, St. Peter took them to their mansion which was decked out with a beautiful kitchen and master bath suite and Jacuzzi. 
       
As they "oohed and aahed" the old man asked Peter how much all this was going to cost. 
       
 "It's free," Peter replied; "this is Heaven." 
       
Next they went out back to survey the championship golf course that the home backed up to. They would have golfing privileges every day and each week the course changed to a new one representing the great golf courses on earth. 
       
The old man asked, "What are the green fees?". 
       
Peter's reply, "This is heaven, you play for free." 
       
Next they went to the club house and saw the lavish buffet lunch with the cuisines of the world laid out. 
       
"How much to eat?" asked the old man. 
       
"Don't you understand yet? This is heaven, it is free!" Peter replied with some exasperation. 
       
"Well, where are the low fat and low cholesterol tables?" the old man asked timidly. 
       
Peter lectured, "That's the best part...you can eat as much as you like of whatever you like and you never get fat and you never get sick. This is Heaven." 
       
With that the old man went into a fit of anger, throwing down his hat and stomping on it, and shrieking wildly. 
       
Peter and his wife both tried to calm him down, asking him what was wrong. The old man looked at his wife and said, "This is all your fault. If it weren't for your blasted bran muffins, I could have been here ten years ago!"A minister was opening his mail one morning. Drawing a single sheet of paper from an envelope, he found written on it only one word: "FOOL." 
       
The next Sunday he announced, "I have known many people who have written letters and forgot to sign their names. But this week I received a letter from someone who signed his name and had forgotten to write a letter."The local high school has a policy that the parents must call the school if the student is to be absent for the day. Kelly, deciding to bunk and go to the mall with her friends waited till her parent's had left for work and called the school herself. This is the actual conversation of the telephone call. 
       
Kelly: "Hi, I'm calling to report that Kelly so-and-so is unable to make it to school today because she is ill. 
       
Secretary at high school: "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I'll note her absence. Who is this calling?" 
       
Kelly: "This is my mother."- Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you. 
- No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy. 
- Friendly fire ain't. 
- The most dangerous thing in the combat zone is an officer with a map. 
- The problem with taking the easy way out is that the enemy has already had it mined. 
- The buddy system is essential to your survival; it gives the enemy somebody else to shoot at. 
- Incoming fire has the right of way. 
- If your advance is going well, you are walking into an ambush. 
- If you really need an officer in a hurry, take a nap. 
- The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire. 
- Don't be conspicuous. In the combat zone, it draws fire. Out of the combat zone, it draws sergeants.The Boston Symphony was performing Beethoven's Ninth.   In the piece, there's a long passage of about 20 minutes during which the bass violinists have nothing to do.  Rather than sit around the whole time looking stupid, some bassists decided to sneak offstage and go to the tavern next door for a quick one. 

After slamming several beers in quick succession (as bass violinists are prone to do), one of them looked at his watch.  "Hey!  We need to get back!" 

"No need to panic," said a fellow bassist. 

"I thought we might need some extra time, so I tied the last few pages of  the conductor's score together with string. 

"It'll take him a few minutes to get it untangled." 

A few moments later they staggered back to the concert hall and took their places in the orchestra. About this time, a member of the audience noticed the conductor seemed a bit edgy and said as much to her companion. 

"Well, of course," said her companion.  "Don't you see? 

"It's the bottom of the Ninth, the score is tied, and the bassists are loaded."A fathers rules to dating;

Rule One - If you pull into my driveway and honk you'd better be delivering a package, because you're sure not picking anything up.

Rule Two - You do not touch my daughter in front of me. You may glance at her, so long as you do not peer at anything below her neck. If you cannot keep your eyes or hands off of my daughter's body, I will remove them.

Rule Three - I am aware that it is considered fashionable for boys of your age to wear their trousers so loosely that they appear to be falling off their hips. Please don't take this as an insult, but you and all of your friends are complete idiots. Still, I want to be fair and open minded about this issue, so I propose this compromise: You may come to the door with your underwear showing and your pants ten sizes too big, and I will not object. However, In order to ensure that your clothes do not, in fact, come off during the course of your date with my daughter, I will take my electric nail gun and fasten your trousers securely in place to your waist.

Rule Four - I'm sure you've been told that in today's world, sex without utilizing a "barrier method" of some kind can kill you. Let me elaborate: when it comes to sex, I am the barrier, and I will kill you. 

Rule Five - In order for us to get to know each other, we should talk about sports, politics, and other issues of the day. Please do not do this. The only information I require from you is an indication of when you expect to have my daughter safely back at my house, and the only word I need from you on this subject is "early."

Rule Six - I have no doubt you are a popular fellow, with many opportunities to date other girls. This is fine with me as long as it is okay with my daughter. Otherwise, once you have gone out with my little girl, you will continue to date no one but her until she is finished with you. If you make her cry, I will make you cry.

Rule Seven - As you stand in my front hallway, waiting for my daughter to appear, and more than an hour goes by, do not sigh and fidget. If you want to be on time for the movie, you should not be dating. My daughter is putting on her makeup, a process that can take longer than painting the Golden Gate Bridge. Instead of just standing there, why don't you do something useful, like changing the oil in my car?

Rule Eight - The following places are not appropriate for a date with my daughter: Places where there are beds, sofas, or anything softer than a wooden stool. Places where there are no parents, policemen, or nuns within eyesight. Places where there is darkness. Places where there is dancing, holding hands, or happiness. Places where the ambient temperature is warm enough to induce my daughter to wear shorts, tank tops, midriff T-shirts, or anything other than overalls, a sweater, and a goose down parka zipped up to her throat. Movies with a strong romantic or sexual theme are to be avoided; movies which feature chainsaws are okay. Hockey games are okay. Old folks homes are better.

Rule Nine - Do not lie to me. I may appear to be a pot-bellied, balding, middle-aged, dim-witted has-been. But on issues relating to my daughter, I am the all-knowing, merciless god of your universe. If I ask you where you are going and with whom, you have one chance to tell me the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I have a shotgun, a shovel, and five acres behind the house. Do not trifle with me.

Rule Ten - Be afraid. Be very afraid. It takes very little for me to mistake the sound of your car in the driveway for a chopper coming in over a rice paddy outside of Hanoi. When my Agent Orange starts acting up, the voices in my head frequently tell me to clean the guns as I wait for you to bring my daughter home. As soon as you pull into the driveway you should exit your car with both hands in plain sight. Speak the perimeter password, announce in a clear voice that you have brought my daughter home safely and early, then return to your car - there is no need for you to come inside. The camouflaged face at the window is mine.Q: How many FBI agents does it take to change a light bulb?

A: I'm afraid that you are not able to receive this classified information.A Licensed Counselor was conducting a group therapy session with four young mothers and their small children...

"You all have obsessions," he observed. To the first mother, he said, "You are obsessed with eating. You've even named your daughter Candy."

He turned to the second Mom. "Your obsession is with money. Again, it manifests itself in your child's name, Penny."

He turns to the third Mom. "Your obsession is alcohol. This too manifests itself in your child's name, Brandy."

At this point, the fourth mother gets up, takes her little boy by the hand and whispers, "Come on, Dick, we're leaving."An older man wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard sat down at a bar and ordered a drink. As the bartender set it down, he asked, "Going to a party?"
'Yeah,' the man answered, 'I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life.' 

'But you look like Abe Lincoln.' protested the barkeep. 

'That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago.'- Nice Set of Floppies!

- Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.

- I'd like to play on your laptop.

- Need me to unzip your files?

- If you were an ISP, I'd dial you all day long!

- I'd like to boot up your PC!

- I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen!

- I've got a 21 inch... (monitor)

- I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video...

- Your homepage or mine?There was once a young man who, in his youth, professed his desire to become a great writer.

When asked to define "great" he said, "I want to write stuff that the whole world will read, stuff that people will react to on a truly emotional level, stuff that will make them scream, cry, howl in pain and anger!"

He now works for Microsoft, writing error messages.So, this guy, Bill is sitting in a bar and pulls out this tiny little piano and a little guy about a foot tall. The little guy sits down and starts playing the piano quite beautifully. 

The fellow on the next bar stool, Joe, says 'That's amazing. Where did you get him?' 

Bill answers 'well, I got this magic lamp with a genie.' 

So Joe asks 'that's great, could I use it?' Bill says 'sure ' and hands him the lamp. Joe rubs the lamp and out comes the genie. He continued, 'I want a million bucks'. Suddenly the room is entirely filled with quacking ducks!

Joe exclaims 'Hey! I asked for 1 million BUCKS!  Not DUCKS!' Bill explained.

'Yes, the genie is a bit deaf. You don't think I really asked for a twelve inch pianist do you?A blonde is terribly overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet. "I want you to eat regularly for 2 days, then skip a day, and repeat this procedure for 2 weeks. The next time I see you, you'll have lost at least 5 pounds."

When the blonde returned, she shocked the doctor by losing nearly 20 pounds. "Why, that's amazing!" the doctor said, "Did you follow my instructions?"

The blonde nodded, "I'll tell you though, I thought I was going to drop dead that 3rd day."

"From hunger, you mean?" asked the doctor.

"No, from all that skipping."Blonde jokes started when a brunette and a red head had to much time on their hands, because a blond was out with their boyfriends.A Mexican, an Asian, an African, and an American all somehow come across a genie at the same time.  They rub the lamp and the genie pops out and agrees to grant them all one wish each.  The genie turns to the Mexican and asks what he wished for.

"I wish that myself and all of my people could return to Mexico and live without poverty and wars." 

With that, the Mexican disappeared.  The genie then turns to the Asian and asks what he wished for.

"I wish that myself and all my people could go return to our countries in Asia and live in peace and happiness."

And the Asian disappears.  The genie next asked the African what he would like.

"I wish that myself and all of my African Brothers and Sisters could return to our homelands in Africa and live in wealth and be bothered no more by the rest of the world."

With that, the African disappears.  The genie turns to the American and asks what he wishes for.

"Before I make my wish, am I to understand that all of the Mexicans, Asians, and Africans are each in their countries forever?"

The genie nods

"I wish for a Coke."A Jewish girl tells her Catholic college roommate that she's going home for Roshashanna.

"Oh," the Catholic girl says. "That's the holiday when you light the eight candles, right?" 

"No," the Jewish girl replies. "That's Hannukah."

"Oh, right," the Catholic girl says. "Roshashanna is the holiday when you eat the unlevened bread?"

"No," the Jewish girl replies. "That's Passover. Roshashanna is the holiday when we blow the shofar."

"See," the Catholic girl says. "That's what I like about you Jews...you're so good to the help."One day at a busy airport, the passengers on a commercial airliner are seated, waiting for the cockpit crew to show up so they can get under way. 
The pilot and co-pilot finally appear in the rear of the plane, and begin walking up to the cockpit through the center aisle. Both appear to be blind. The pilot is using a white cane, bumping into passengers right and left as he stumbles down the aisle, and the co-pilot is using a guide dog. Both have their eyes covered with huge sunglasses. At first the passengers do not react; thinking that it must be some sort of practical joke. However, after a few minutes the engines start spooling up and the airplane starts moving down the runway. 

The passengers look at each other with some uneasiness, whispering among themselves and looking desperately to the stewardesses for reassurance. Then the airplane starts accelerating rapidly and people begin panicking. Some passengers are praying, and as the plane gets closer and closer to the end of the runway, the voices are becoming more and more hysterical. Finally, when the airplane has less than 20 feet of runway left, there is a sudden change in the pitch of the shouts as everyone screams at once, and at the very last moment the airplane lifts off and is airborne. 

Up in the cockpit, the co-pilot breathes a sigh of relief and turns to the Captain, "You know, one of these days the passengers aren't going to scream and we're gonna get killed!"A man boards an airplane and takes his seat. As he settles in, he glances up and sees the most beautiful woman boarding the plane. He soon realizes that she is headed straight toward his seat. A wave of nervous anticipation washes over him. 
Lo and behold, she takes the seat right beside his. Anxious to strike up a conversation, he blurts out, "So where are you flying to today?" She turns and smiles and says, "To the annual Nymphomaniac Convention in Chicago." 

Whoa! He swallows hard and is instantly CRAZED with excitement. Here's the most gorgeous woman he's ever seen, sitting right next to him, and she's going to a meeting of nymphomaniacs! 

Struggling to maintain his outward cool, he calmly asks, "And what's your role at this convention?" She flips her long hair back, turns to him, looks into his eyes, and says, "Well, I try to debunk some of the popular myths about sexuality." 

"Really," he says, swallowing hard, again. "And what myths are those?" She explains: "Well, one popular myth is that African American men are the most well-endowed, when, in fact, it is the Native American who is most likely to possess this trait. Another popular myth is that Frenchmen are the best lovers, when actually it is men of Jewish descent who romance women best, on average." 

"Very interesting," the man responds. Suddenly, the woman becomes very embarrassed, and blushes. "I'm sorry," she says, "I feel so awkward discussing this with you, and I don't even know your name."

The man extends his hand and replies, "Tonto, Tonto Goldstein."A length of Rope went into a bar, sat on a stool, and ordered a beer. The Bartender said, "We don't serve Ropes here." Dismayed and disappointed, the Rope went out and then got an idea. He stopped a man and asked, "Will you please tie a knot in me and separate my strands at both ends?". The man obliged, and with this done, the Rope went back into the bar and again ordered a beer. The Bartender looked him over and said, "Say, aren't you the same rope who was in here before?!" "No," was the reply, "I'm a frayed knot."Bill walked into his favorite dive bar, took his regular stool, looked around, and asked Louie, the bartender, "Where's Beverly, the waitress?"

"She's dead," replied the bartender. 

"Dead?" asked Bill. 

"She died from herpes," said the bartender. 

Bill replied, "You don't die from herpes." 

"You do if you give it to Big Louie!" said the bartender.A man sat at a bar, drinking slowly. On his face was the saddest hangdog expression. The bartender asked, "What's the matter? Are you having troubles with your wife?" 
The man said, "We had a fight, and she told me that she wasn't going to speak to me for a month." 

The bartender said, "That should make you happy." 

The man sadly shook his head and said, "Not when the month is up today!"Three blondes died and are at the pearly gates of heaven. St. Peter tells them that they can enter the gates if they can answer one simple question.
St. Peter asks the first blonde, "What is Easter?" The blonde replies, "Oh, that's easy! It's the holiday in November when everyone gets together, eats turkey, and are thankful..."

"Wrong!" replies St. Peter, and proceeds to ask the second blonde the same question, "What is Easter?" The second blonde replies, "Easter is the holiday in December when we put up a nice tree, exchange presents, and celebrate the birth of Jesus."

St. Peter looks at the second blonde, shakes his head in disgust, tells her she's wrong, and then peers over his glasses at the third blonde and asks, "What is Easter?"

The third blonde smiles confidently and says to St. Peter, "I know what Easter is." "Oh?" says St. Peter, incredulously. "Easter is the Christian holiday that coincides with the Jewish celebration of Passover. Jesus and his disciples were eating at the last supper and Jesus was later deceived and turned over to the Romans by one of his disciples. The Romans took him to be crucified and he was stabbed in the side, made to wear a crown of thorns, and was hung on a cross with nails through his hands. He was buried in a nearby cave which was sealed off by a large boulder."

St. Peter smiles broadly with delight.

The third blonde continues, "Every February the boulder is moved aside so that Jesus can come out... and, if he sees his shadow, there will be six more weeks of winter."Four business men are flying over the the UK having tea and taking in the sites

The first man who is English looks out of the window and cries "Ah there is my beautiful England"

A while later the second man who is Irish looks out and criess "There is my beautiful Ireland"

A while after that the Third man looks out and criess "There is my beautiful Scotland"

The fourth man who is Chinese feels very left out. He comes up with an idea. Picking up the tea set they have been using, he tosses it out of the window and cries "Ah my beautiful China"Q: Whats the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?

A:  A mosquito will stop sucking when you smack it!A blonde was getting tired of all the blonde jokes, and being treated as if she were stupid so one day, she decided to dye her hair and become a brunette. She then went driving down a country road and came across a herd of sheep. She stopped and called the shepard over. "That's a nice flock of sheep." she said. 

"Well thank you." said the herder. 

"Tell you what, I have a proposition for you." said the ex-blonde. 

"Okay," replied the herder. 

"If I can guess the exact number of sheep in your flock, can I take one home?" asked the woman. 

"Sure," said the sheep herder. So the girl sat up and looked at the herd for a second and then replied, "382." 

"Wow," said the herder. "That is exactly right. Go ahead and pick out the sheep you want to take home." 

So the woman went and picked one out and put it in her car. Upon watching this, the herder approached the woman and offered, "Okay, now I have a proposition for you." 

"What is it?" asked the woman. 

"If I can guess the real color of your hair, can I have my dog back?"Two bowling teams, one of all blondes and one of all brunettes, charter a double-decker bus for a weekend bowling tournament in Atlantic City. The brunette team rides in the bottom of the bus; the blonde team rides on the top level.. 
The brunette team down below is whooping it up having a great time, when one of them realizes she doesn't hear anything from the blondes upstairs. She decides to go up and investigate. When the brunette reaches the top, she finds all the blondes frozen in fear, staring straight ahead at the road, and clutching the seats in front of them with white knuckles.. 

She says, "What the heck's goin' on up here? We're havin' a grand time downstairs!" One of the blondes looks up and says, "Yeah, but you've got a driver!"Returning home from work, a blonde was shocked to find her house ransacked and burglarized. She telephoned the police at once and reported the crime. 

The police dispatcher broadcast the call on the channels and a K-9 unit patrolling nearby was the first to respond. As the K-9 officer approached the house with his dog on a leash, the woman ran out on the porch, shuddered at the sight of the cop and his dog, then sat down on the steps put her face in her hands and moaned, "I come home to find all my possessions stolen. I call the police for help, and what do they do? They send me a BLIND policeman!"Sally, a blonde, goes on her first camping trip. Her husband, who was a Scout Leader, was sick so she volunteered to take over for him one weekend. She got everyone together and assigned different duties to each scout. 
Gabby was responsible for the food supplies, Mike would be the cook this trip, Johnnie was responsible for their maps and making up a time schedule, Tim was to decide on their events, and to fit them into Johnnie's schedule and Sally would test all their equipment before setting out. 

They arrived at Big Moose Mountain and everyone was excited. They arrived right on schedule and were getting ready for their first event - hiking up the mountain. But first, they wanted to get something to eat. So Sally asked Mike if he would prepare the meal and, of course, Mike said he would. 

About 10 minutes later he came back and told Sally, "I can't make the supper. I can't light a fire with the matches you brought." 

Sally replied, "I don't understand! Those matches should be perfectly fine. I tested them all just before we left."Q:  A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all in the 3rd grade.  Who has the biggest tits?

A:  The blonde because she is 18.Q: How can you tell when a blonde has been driving your car?

A: There is lipstick on the steering wheel from her blowing the horn.A blonde's house is on fire so she runs outside to use a payphone to call for help. She gets the 911 operator, and gets transferred to the firehouse. "Mr. Fireman, my house is on fire, you have to help me!" The Fireman replies, "Yes, yes, Miss, how do I get to your house?"
The blonde pauses a moment, and replies, "Umm, it's the house that's on fire." Realizing he is now talking to a blonde, the fireman comes back with, "No, Miss, how would you like me to get to your house?" to which the blonde replies, "Duh, big red truck!"The executive was interviewing a young blonde for a position in his company. He wanted to find out something about her personality so he asked, "If you could have a conversation with someone, living or dead, who would it be?" 
The blonde quickly responded, "The living one."Q. Why do blondes wear panties? 

A. To keep their ankles warm!!Q: What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? 

A: Fourth grade.Little Johnny watched, fascinated, as his mother smoothed cold cream on her face. 
"Why do you do that, mommy?" he asked. 

"To make myself beautiful," said his mother, who then began removing the cream with a tissue. 

"What's the matter?" asked Little Johnny. "Giving up?"Q: What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen?

A: SnowballsAn engineering student was walking across campus when another engineer rides up on a shiny new motorcycle. 
"Where did you get such a great bike?", asked the first. 

The second engineer replied, "Well, I was walking along yesterday minding my own business when a beautiful woman rode up on this bike. She threw the bike to the ground, took off all her clothes and said 'Take what you want.'" 

The first engineer nodded approvingly, "Good choice; the clothes probably wouldn't have fit."A guy is stranded on a desert island all alone for ten years. One day he sees a speck on the horizon. He thinks to himself, "It's not a ship."

The speck gets a little closer and he thinks, "It's not a boat."

The speck gets even closer and he thinks, "It's not a raft."

Then, out of the surf comes this gorgeous blonde woman wearing a wet suit and scuba gear.

She comes up to the guy and she says, "How long has it been since you've had a cigarette?"

"Ten years!" he says.

She reaches over, unzips this waterproof pocket on her left sleeve and pulls out a pack of fresh cigarettes. He takes one, lights it, takes a long drag and says, "Man, oh man! Is that good!"

Then she asked, "How long has it been since you've had a drink of whiskey?"

He replies, "Ten years!" She reaches over, unzips her waterproof pocket on the right, pulls out a flask and gives it to him. He takes a long swig and says, "Wow! That's fantastic!"

Then she starts unzipping this long zipper that runs down the front of her wet suit and she says to him, "And how long has it been since you've had some REAL fun?" 

And the man replies, "My God! Don't tell me you've got a computer in there?"A man was out, driving happily along in his car late one Saturday night. Before too long, a cop pulled him over. 
The policeman walked up to the man and asked, "Have you been drinking, sir?" 

"Why? Was I weaving all over the road?" 

"No," replied the policeman, "you were driving splendidly. It was the really ugly girl in the passenger seat that gave you away."Farmer John was taking his cow and it's newborn calf to sell in the auction. On the way farmer John got robbed by thieves, who beat him up, stripped him of his clothes and tied him to a tree. Then taking the mother cow and John's clothes, the thieves escaped. They, however, left the newborn calf behind. 

Poor farmer John suffered as for two days, he stood tied to a tree, stark naked and hungry. Fortunately, on the third day, some neighbors happened to pass by. They recognized John and untied him. 

When they did, farmer John picked up a long stick and started whipping the calf with it. 

'Why are you thrashing the poor calf?' his neighbors asked?

To which farmer John replied, 'I had to tell this beast for the past two days repeatedly...I am NOT your mother! I am NOT your mother!!!A guy dials his home phone from work. A strange woman answers. 
The guy says, "Who is this?" 
"This is the maid.", answered the woman. 
"We don't have a maid!" 
"I was just hired this morning by the lady of the house." 
"Well, this is her husband. Is she there?" 
"Ummm .... she's upstairs in the bedroom with someone who I just figured was her husband." 
The guy is fuming. He says to the maid, "Listen, would you like to make $50,000?" 
"What do I have to do?" 
"I want you to get my gun from my desk in the den and shoot that witch and the jerk she is with." 
The maid puts down the phone. The guy hears footsteps, followed by two gunshots. 
The maid comes back to the phone. "What should I do with the bodies?" 
"Throw them in the swimming pool!" 

"What?! There's no pool here?" 

Long pause... "Uh .... is this 832-4821?"It's the Spring of 1957 and Bobby goes to pick up his date, Peggy Sue. Bobby's a pretty hip guy with his own car and a ducktail hairdo. When he goes to the front door, Peggy Sue's father answers and invites him in. 

"Peggy Sue's not ready yet, so why don't you have a seat?" he says. "That's cool." says Bobby. 

Peggy Sue's father asks Bobby what they are planning to do. Bobby replies politely that they will probably just go to the malt shop or to a drive-in movie. 

Peggy Sue's father responds "Why don't you kids go out and screw? I hear all of the kids are doing it." 

Naturally this comes as quite a surprise to Bobby and he says "Whaaaat?" 

"Yeah," says Peggy Sue's father, "Peggy Sue really likes to screw; She'll screw all night if we let her! 

Bobby's eyes light up and smiles from ear to ear. Immediately, he has revised the plans for the evening. 

A few minutes later, Peggy Sue comes downstairs in her little poodle skirt with her saddle shoes and announces that she's ready to go. 

Almost breathless with anticipation, Bobby escorts his date out the front door while dad is saying "Have a good evening kids," with a wink for Bobby. 

About 20 minutes later, a thoroughly disheveled Peggy Sue rushes back into the house, slams the door behind her and screams at her father: "DAMMIT DADDY! THE TWIST!!! IT'S CALLED THE TWIST!!!"You're so fat you make sumos look anorexic.You're so fat Richard Simmons laughs at you."Dear Mother and Dad,    

It has been three months now since I left for college.  I have been remiss in writing and I am very sorry for my thoughtlessness in not writing before.  I will bring you up to date now, but before you read on, please sit down.  You are not to read further unless you are sitting down, okay?    
 
Well, then, I'm getting along pretty well now.  The skull fracture and the concussion I got when I jumped out of the window of my dormitory when it caught fire shortly after my arrival here is pretty well  healed.  I only spent two weeks in the hospital and now I can see almost normally and only get those sick headaches once a day.    
 
Fortunately, the fire in the dormitory and my jump was witnessed by an attendant at the gas station near the dorm, and he was the one who called the fire department and the ambulance.  He also visited me in the hospital and since I have nowhere to live because of the burnt-out dormitory, he was kind enough to invite me to share his apartment.    
It's really a basement room, and it's kind of cute.  

He is a very fine boy and we have fallen deeply in love and are planning to get married. We haven't set the exact date yet, but it will be before my pregnancy  begins to show.  I know how much you are looking forward to being   grandparents, and I know you will welcome the baby and give it the  same love and devotion and tender care you gave me when I was a child.    

The reason for the delay in our marriage is that my boyfriend has a minor infection that prevents us from passing our premarital blood tests and I carelessly caught it from him.  I have bumps all over my "down there" but this will soon clear up with the penicillin injections I am taking daily.  I know that you will welcome him into our family with open arms.  He is kind and although not well educated, he is ambitious.  Although he is of a different race, color and religion than ours, I know your often-expressed tolerance will not  permit you to be bothered by this fact.    
 
Now that I have brought you up to date, I want to tell you that there was no dormitory fire.  I did not have a concussion or a skull fracture.  I was not in the hospital.  I am not pregnant.  I am not   engaged.  I do not have a disease and there is no miscegenation in my life.  However, I am getting a "D" in history and an "F" in science,   and I wanted you to see those marks in the proper perspective.    

Your loving daughter, JLIt's a beautiful spring day and a man and his wife are at the zoo.
She's got on a close-fitting, lowcut, pink summer dress with spaghetti straps.
As they walk thru the ape exhibit, and pass in front of a very large gorilla, the gorilla goes ape.
He jumps up on the bars, he grunts, he pounds his chest.
He is obviously excited at the sight of the young lady in the sundress.
The husband, noticing the apes excitement,
suggests that his wife tease the ape.

The husband suggests that she pucker her lips and wiggle her bottom.
She does, and Mr. Gorilla gets even more excited,
making noises that would wake the dead.

Then her husband suggests that she let one of the straps of her dress slip down.
She does and Mr. Gorilla is about to tear down the bars.

Her husband suggests she lift her dress up her thighs and she does.
This about drives Mr. Gorilla crazy.
Then quickly the husband grabs his wife, rips open the door to the cage, flings her inside with the gorilla, slams the door shut, and gleefully rubbing his hands together, says:

"Now, tell him you have a headache."There was a little guy in a bar drinking his beer, when all of a sudden a big guy comes and knocks him off his stool and says "that was a karate chop from Japan"

The little guy get's back up on his stool again and start's to drink his beer again, when all of a sudden the big guy knock's him of his stool again, and says that was a karate kick from China, 

So the little guy get's back up and leave's for a moment then come's back in and goes up to the big guy hits him and knock's him off of his stool out cold.... he then, tell's the bartender "when he gets up to ask me, that was a crowbar from Sears"One day, a blonde and a brunette  were  talking on the phone.  Then the brunette  says, " I have to go get a new mouse for the computer.  My mouse isn't running good." Since  the blonde hates mice. she goes over to her computer and opens it up, looking for a running mouse. She runs back to the phone and says, " But my computer works fine without a mouse"; but since she took so long looking for the mouse, her friend hung up and the phone battery was dying out so it sounded like a squeeky assuming and it was the mouse she searched her whole house finding not one mouse. Then she calls her brunette on the phone saying I can't find one mouse in my house what does it look like?  After she finished describing it the blonde finds it, then she squishes it saying, " There, it is dead! "You might be a redneck if you think fast-food is hitting a dear at  65mph.Two crisps are walking down the road when a car pulls up alongside and the driver leans out and says "Do you fancy a lift?". The crisps reply, "No thanks we're Walkers".Police officer: "Excuse me, but your dog has been chasing a man on his bicycle".
Dog owner: "Are you crazy? My dog can't even ride a bicycle".Attending the funeral of an actress who had been married ten times, a friend sobbed to the priest, "Well, at least they're together at last."
The clergyman looked around. "Which of her husbands is buried here?"
"None," said the friend. "I meant, her legs."Q.What is the speed limit for sex?

A. 68, at 69 you have to turn around!After Great Britain's Beer Festival, all the brewery presidents decided it would be fun to hit a pub in London and go out for a beer. 
The first sits down and says, "Hey, Senor, I would like the world's best beer, a Corona." 

The bartender dusts off a bottle from the shelf and gives it to him. 

The second says, "I'd like the best beer in the world. Give me 'The King of Beers.' One Budweiser please." 

The bartender gives him one. 

Another guy says, "I'd like the only beer made with Rocky Mountain spring water; give me a Coors." 

The bartender gives him one. 

The guy from Guiness sits down as he orders a Coke. The bartender is a bit taken aback, but gives him what he ordered. 

The other presidents look over at him and ask, "Why aren't you drinking a Guiness?" 

The Guiness president replies, "Well, if you guys aren't drinking beer, neither will I."You see a fabulous girl/guy at a party. You approach them and say, "I'm fantastic in bed." 

That's Direct Marketing. 

You're at a party with a bunch of friends and see a fabulous girl/guy. You have one of your friends approach them, point at you and say, "She's/he's fantastic in bed." 

That's Advertising. 

You see a fabulous girl/guy at a party. You approach them to get their telephone number. The next day you call and say, "Hi, I'm fantastic in bed." 

That's Telemarketing. 

You're at a party and see a fabulous girl/guy. You get up, straighten your clothes, walk up and pour them a drink. You open the door, pick up their bag after it drops, offer them a ride, and then say, "By the way, I'm fantastic in bed." 

That's Public Relations. 

You're at a party and see a fabulous girl/guy. They walk up to you and say, "I hear you're fantastic in bed." 

That's Brand Recognition.Resolving to surprise her husband, an executive's wife stopped by his office. 
When she opened the door, she found him with his secretary sitting in his lap. 

Without hesitating, he dictated, "...and in conclusion, gentlemen, budget cuts or no budget cuts, I cannot continue to operate this office with just one chair."Two doctors opened an office in a small town. 
They put up a sign reading: "Dr Smith and Dr Jones, Psychiatry and Proctology." 

The town council was not too happy with the sign, so the doctors changed it to: "Hysterias and Posteriors." 

This was not acceptable either, so in an effort to satisfy the council, they changed the sign to: "Schizoids and Hemorrhoids." 

No go! Next they tried "Catatonics and Colonics" Thumbs down again. 

Then came, "Manic-Depressives and Anal-Retentives." 

But is was still not good! So they tried: 

"Minds and Behinds" 

"Analysis and Anal Cysts" 

"Nuts and Butts" 

"Freaks and Cheeks" 

"Loons and Moons" 

"Lost Souls and Ass Holes" 

None worked. 

Almost at their wits' end, the doctors finally came up with a title they thought might be accepted by the council: 

"Dr Smith and Dr Jones, Odds and Ends." 

APPROVED!A man comes home with his little daughter, whom he has just taken to work. The little girl asks, "I saw you in your office with your secretary. Why do you call her a doll?" 
Feeling his wife's gaze upon him, the man explains, "Well, honey, my secretary is a very hard-working girl. She types like you wouldn't believe, she knows the computer system and is very efficient." 

"Oh," says the little girl, "I thought it was because she closed her eyes when you lay her down on the couch."There was a boss who was told by his boss that he had to get rid of at least one employee. So he narrowed the decision to one of two new employees, Jack or Mary. 
He then decided to speak to each one privately, and let their reactions help guide his decision. So he called in Jack, explained the situation and, of course, Jack said he didn't want to lose his job, but he understood the boss's situation. 

Then he called in Mary, and said, 'Mary, I've got a problem; By the end of the day, I've got to lay you or Jack off...' And Mary says, 'Then you're gonna have to jack off, buster, I've got a headache!'A man phones home from the office and tells his wife, "Something has just come up. I have the chance to go fishing for a week. It's the opportunity of a lifetime. We leave right away, so can you pack my clothes, my fishing equipment, and especially my blue silk pajamas? I'll be home in an hour to pick them up." 

He hurries home, grabs everything and rushes off. 

A week later he returns. His wife asks, "Did you have a good trip?" 

"Oh yes, great! But you forgot to pack my blue silk pajamas." 

"Oh no I didn't. I put them in your tackle box."Three little boys were looking for a summer job. Their preacher needed some people to go around and sell bibles. So the preacher hired two boys without even thinking twice. But he was hesitant about hiring the third boy because he suffered from a speech impediment. 
So after the first days of work they all met back at the church. The preacher looked at the first boy and asked him, "How many bibles did you sell?" 

The boy stood up and said, "35." 

"Is that all you sold?" the preacher asked. 

"He looked at the second boy and asked him the same thing. The boy said, "75." "That is good," the preacher replied. 

He didn't want to ask the third boy but did. The boy with the speech impediment said ''I-I-I s-s-sold 175.'' The preacher was amazed and asked the boy how did he sell all of the bibles. He said ''I-I-I t-t-told them to b-b-buy t-t-them or I will r-r-read it to t-t-them'''Boss (to the new employee): We are very keen on cleanliness. Did you wipe your feet on the mat as you came in? 

New employee: Yes, sir. 

Boss: We are also keen on truthfulness. There is no mat.A man came back from a long business trip to find that his son had a new $300 mountain bike. 
"How'd you get that, son?" 

"By hiking." 

"Hiking?" 

"Yeah, every night, Mom's boss came over and gave me $20 to take a hike."Little Johnny walked into class one day and sat down. He realized that someone new was teaching the class today, It was Coach Bob, the gym teacher.

Coach Bob started the class by saying, "Okay you little one's are never too young to learn about s-e-x, uh ummm."

While every other kid in the class is giggling. Little Johnny looks really intent.

Coach Bob then asks, " Well, what do any of you kids already know about sex."

Little Shirley raised her hand, "One time my puppy had a baby."

"Good " said Coach Bob

Then Little Chuckie raised his hand and said, "Well my mom gave me a little sister."

"Good, good." said Coach Bob

The Little Johnny raised his hand and Coach Bob's heart skipped a beat. He said "Yes Little Johnny."

"Well," said Little Johnny, "one time at my grandpa's house I was watching an old western starring the Lone Ranger, and he fought off one hundred Indians."

"Oh Yeah," said Coach Bob really relieved, "what does that have to do with sex ed."

"That'll teach those Indians to screw with the Lone Ranger."A male gorilla at the zoo had been separated from his mate for several months and was really horny. 
One night after the zoo had closed and all the animal keepers had left, he decided he was going to tear the bars apart and screw the first thing he could find. 

As he left his cage and ran through the zoo he came upon a lion sleeping in the grass. He really wasn't thrilled with his find but since he had promised himself he would take the first thing he could get, he grabbed the lion and screwed it. 

Just as the gorilla finished, the lion awoke and was really pissed. The lion started chasing the gorilla through the zoo and was beginning to gain on him. The gorilla turned a corner and saw a park bench with a newspaper on it. Thinking quickly, the gorilla sat down on the bench and held the newspaper in front of him like he was reading it. 

When the lion turned the corner he stopped at the park bench. Not knowing what was behind the newspaper he asked the reader if he had seen a gorilla run by. From behind the paper, the gorilla said, "You mean the one that screwed the lion?" The lion shook his head and shouted, "Oh No! It's already in the papers!"A farmer was worried that none of his pigs were getting pregnant. He called a vet and asked what he should do if he wanted more pigs. The vet told him he should try artificial insemination. The farmer, not wanting to appear stupid, answered okay and hung up the phone. 

Unclear on what the vet meant by artificial insemination, the farmer decided it must mean he had to impregnate the pigs himself, so he loaded all the pigs in his pickup, drove down to the woods, and shagged them all. 

The next day he called the vet again, and asked how he would know if the pigs were pregnant. The vet told him they would be lying down rolling in the mud, but when he looked not even one was lying down. So he loaded them up in his pickup again, drove them to the woods, and shagged them all again. 

To his dismay they were all standing the next morning. So, again he loads the pigs in his truck, drives them to the woods and shags them for the third time. 

By the next morning the farmer is beat, so he asks his wife to hop out of bed and look out the window to see what the pigs are doing. She says, "Hmmm - that's weird, they are all in the truck and one of them is blowing the horn."A baby polar bear goes up to his dad and asks, "Dad, am I pure polar bear?" The dad replies, "Sure you are son. I'm all polar bear, my parents are all polar bear, your mom is all polar bear, and her parents are all polar bear." 
Still unsure the baby polar bear goes to his mom and asks, "Mom, am I pure polar bear?" She answers, "Of course you are honey. I'm all polar bear, your father is all polar bear, my parents are all polar bear, and his parents are all polar bear." 

Still not convinced the baby polar bear goes to his grandparents and asks, "Grandmom...Grandpop...am I all polar bear?" His grandmother answers, "Of course you are sweetie. We're all polar bear, your mother is all polar bear, your father is all polar bear, and his parents are all polar bear. Why do you ask sweetie?" 

The baby polar bears replies, "Because I'm f-ing freezing!"A farmer wanted to have his hens serviced, so he went to the market looking for a rooster. He was hoping he could get a special rooster - one that service all of his many hens. 

When he told this to the market vendor, the vendor replied, "I have just the rooster for you.  Randy here is the horniest rooster you will ever see!" 

So the farmer took Randy back to the farm. Before setting him loose in the henhouse though, he gave Randy a little pep talk. "Randy," he said, "I'm counting on you to do your stuff." And without a word, Randy strutted into the henhouse. 

He was as fast as he was furious, mounting each hen like a thunderbolt. There was much squawking and many feathers flying, till Randy had finished having his way with each hen. But he didn't stop there, he went in to the barn and mounted all the horses, one by one and still at the same frantic pace. 

Then he went to the pighouse, where he did the same. The farmer, watching all of this with disbelief, cried out "Stop, Randy, you'll kill yourself." But Randy continued, seeking out each farm animal in the same manner. 

Well the next morning, the farmer looked out and saw Randy lying there on his lawn. His legs were up in the air, his eyes rolled back, and his long tongue hanging out. A buzzard was already circling above Randy. 

The farmer walked up to Randy saying "Oh you poor thing, look what you did, you've gone and killed yourself. I warned you my little buddy."

"Shhhhh," Randy whispered, "The buzzard's getting closer."A horse and a rabbit are playing in a meadow. The horse falls into a mud hole and is sinking. He calls to the rabbit to go and get the farmer to help pull him out to safety. The rabbit runs to the farm but the farmer can't be found. So he drives the farmer's Mercedes back to the mud hole and ties some rope around the bumper. He then throws the other end of the rope to his friend, the horse, and drives the car forward saving him from sinking! 
A few days later, the rabbit and horse were playing in the meadow again and the rabbit fell into the mud hole. The rabbit yelled to the horse to go and get some help from the farmer. The horse said, "I think I can stand over the hole!" So he stretched over the width of the hole and said, "Grab for my dick and pull yourself up." The rabbit did and pulled himself to safety. 

The moral of the story: 

If you are hung like a horse, you don't need a Mercedes.A little girl is in line to see Santa. When it's her turn, she climbs up on Santa's lap. Santa asks, "What would you like Santa to bring you for Christmas?" 
The little girl replies, "I want a Barbie and G.I. Joe." Santa looks at the little girl for a moment and says, "I thought Barbie comes with Ken." 

"No," said the little girl. "She comes with G.I. Joe, she fakes it with Ken."GAT (Gangsta Aptitude Tess) 
The following exam was administered as an Ebonics version of the SAT 

1) You just robbed som jack mo fo with $20 in his wallet. You can buy: 

A dime and two 40's 

B. A new pair of Fila's 

C. Dashikki down the block 

D. Yo mama 


2) It's tha end of da monf again and da man is on your jack for da rent. You: 

A. Bust a cap in his ass 

B. Say, "Shit man, why you all up in ma bidness?" 

C. Have anuther kid on welfare 

D. Yo mama 


3) You and ya holmes are banging down da block when yall scam da uther mo fo's commin your way. If ya both jaking your hydros, and both yall draw yur gats, which of da following happens: 

A. Shit goes down in da hood 

B. Ya check yur colours and let the cop-killers fly 

C. Shit man, I do'no maff 

D. Yo mama 


4) You drink haff a 40. How much is left: 

A. Haff 

B. Da uther haff 

C. Zum mo 

D. Bout enuff to jak yo mama 


5) You, beein da shit you are, dress yo self in da morn in which of deese: 

A. Yo Tek 9 with da Raiders hat 

B. Da AK47 with yo Fila's 

C. You blade and ya colurs 

D. "Shit man, what's a nigga like me doin up at dis time in da morn?" 


6) Tiz yo 21st birfday. You: 

A. Hook up with Dashikki down the block and treat her to MceeDees 

B. Treat yo self to crack, ice cream, and 40's 

C. Gaffle da man 

D. I do'no maff 


JOG-MAFEE 

7) Wher iz da mutherland at: 

A. Afrika 

B. Compton 

C. Souff Centra 

D. Yo mama 


8) What am da capita of California? 

A. Da Hood 

B. Compton 

C. Compton 

D. Compton 


ANALAMA-G'S 


9) Tek 9 : Gatt :: 

A. Yo mama : Dashikki 

B. Fila's : Nike 

C. Tu pac : Barry White 

D. St. Ive's : Colt 45 


10) Malt Liquor : Da Chronic :: 

A. Da Man : Da Systum 

B. ReeRun : MC Hammer 

C. Fat Albert : Shaft 

D. Yo mama : Dashikki 


NOW LOOKIE HERE FOO. I GOTS TO AXE YOU AN EXXAY QUEXTIUN: 

IN 25 WURDS MO O LESS, TELL UZ ME WHO AM DA MAN? 

So dat we may give uh you yo cowrecked sco, sine yo tag below 


+---------------------------------------------------------One very loooooong summer day, not so long ago, a guy was driving down a long and never-ending road, when he noticed a sign that said

Ten miles ahead Sisters of Mercy brothel.

The guy really confused by somewhat intrigued decides that it is weird but if it were true he might check it out.

Later down the road he finds the same sign but it reads five miles ahead the Sisters of Mercy brothel.

So now the guys decides that he is definitely going to stop at the brothel five miles down the road.

FIVE MILES LATER...

He drives into a parking lot in front of a small windowless building with one door that says entrance to the Sisters of Mercy brothel.

He gets up to the door and on the doorknob "Knock three times" is inscribed on it.

So the guy filled with intrigue knocks three times, and immediately after the third knock an extremely old nun opens the door and says.

"Hello, are you looking for a few good nuns."

"Yes, yes I've been on the road all week and I'm pent up like hell, god I am."

As the nun gives the guy a cold look she tells him to come inside and follow the winding path.

So the guy goes through about fifteen hallways and finally comes across a door that says "WAIT"

And after a five minute wait the biggest butch of a nun comes and says high you came for a nun.

After having the shit scared out of him by the big nun she tells him that the nun of his dreams is on the other side of that door, but she tells him he has to strip naked right here and bend over facing the door keeping his eyes closed.

After doing those two tasks he feels the door in front of him swing open, and suddenly a sharp pain in his ass, he was kicked outside and the door slam shut and lock behind him.

As he walked around the long building buck naked, he gets back to the parking lot realizing that his car is missing, and the front door is locked.  As he turns around he notices a card on the ground and opens it up and he reads

!CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE BEEN SCREWED BY THE SISTERS OF MERCY!10. Bring some dry ice & make it look like your computer is smoking. 

9. Come to the lab wearing several layers of socks. Remove shoes and place them of top of the monitor. Remove socks layer by layer and drape them around the monitor. Exclaim sudden haiku about the aesthetic beauty of cotton on plastic. 

8. Take the keyboard and sit under the computer. Type up your paper like this. Then go to the lab supervisor and complain about the bad working conditions. 

7. Bring in a bunch of magnets and have fun. 

6. Point at the screen. Chant in a made-up language while making elaborate hand gestures for a minute or two. Press return or the mouse, then leap back and yell "COVEEEEERRRRRR!" peek up from under the table, walk back to the computer and say. "Oh, good. It worked this time," and calmly start to type again. 

5. Keep looking at invisible bugs and trying to swat them. 

4. Sneak up behind some engrossed in their work screaming, "DISK FIGHT!!!" and bop them on the head with a disk. 

3. Type frantically, often stopping to look at the person next to you evilly. 

2. Get a pair of 3-d glasses. Wobble around while walking and keep yelling, "Whoa, that looked so real!" 

1. Laugh uncontrollably for about 3 minutes & then suddenly stop and look suspiciously at everyone who looks at you14. Using a small squeeze tube, spread peanut butter on a wad of toilet paper and drop the wad under the stall wall of your neighbor; then say, "Whoops, could you kick that back over here please?" 

13. Fill a balloon with creamed corn. Rush into the stall with your hand over your mouth and let out a lengthy vomit impression while you squeeze the balloon and splatter cream corn all about. Apologize profusely and blame it on the fettuccine alfredo you had for breakfast. 

12. Take in a wineskin filled with water. Stand and slowly squeeze it out into the toilet, every 15-20 seconds moan or sigh. 

11. Say, "Boy, that sure looks like a maggot." 

10. Before you unroll toilet paper, conspicuously lay down your "Cross-Dressers Anonymous" newsletter on the floor visible to the adjacent stall. 

9. Lower a small mirror underneath the stall wall, adjust it so you can see your neighbor and say, "Peek-a-boo!" 

8. Stick your open palm under the stall wall and ask your neighbor, "May I borrow a highlighter?" 

7. Cheer and clap loudly every time somebody breaks the silence with a bodily function noise. 

6. Say, "Hmmm, I've never seen that color before." 

5. Grunt and strain real loud for 30 seconds and then drop a cantaloupe into the toilet bowl from a height of 6 feet. Sigh relaxingly. 

4. Say, "Now how did that get there?" 

3. Say, "Interesting... more floaters than sinkers." 

2. After flushing, say, "Darn, I knew that drain hole was a little too small. Now what am I gonna do?" 

1. Fill a large flask with Mountain Dew. Squirt it erratically under the stall walls of your neighbors while yelling, "Whoa! Easy boy!"Yo momma is so fat that she is on both sides of the family!One day a blonde, brunette, and a redhead were hiking when they came across a cliff.
There was no bridge and they couldn't think of anyother way to get across so they decided to turn around and go back.  Just then a magical fairy appeared and said that they could turn into anything they wanted to help them get across the cliff, all they had to do was run, jump, and say the name of it.  The brunette ran and jumped and yelled out, "Eagle," and she soared across the cliff.  The redhead ran and jumped then yelled, "Hawk," and flew across to the other side.  Then it was the blonde's turn she ran and jumped.  When she was in mid air, she forgot what she was going to say and yelled "O crap!"....This lonely little boy was sitting at home, and he recently discovered the noises and smells that can emit from his body in the form of a fart.

So the bored little boy decided to travel the world looking for the best fart,

He went to Canada and realized that the cold temperature caused the farts to be really short.

He went to Mexico and realized all the spicy foods caused really uncomfortable farts.

All other parts of the world had interesting farts but not what the boy was looking for.

Feeling that he failed, the boy went back home after his yearly trips around the world, only to walk in on his mom bending over into an oven attempting to pull a cake out.

In the middle of her attempt she ripped the biggest fart in the world,

The boy was immediately excited he found the best fart,

Which proves the moral of the story
HOME IS WHERE THE FART IS!A husband and wife had a bitter quarrel on the day of their 40th wedding anniversary. The husband yells, "When you die, I'm getting you a headstone that reads, 'Here Lies My Wife -Cold As Ever.'"
 
"Yeah?!" she replies. "When you die, I'm getting
you a headstone that reads, 'Here Lies My Husband -Stiff At Last.'"A 75-year-old woman went to the doctor for a check up. The doctor told her she needed more cardiovascular activity, and recommended that she engage in sexual activity three times a week. A bit embarrassed, she said to the doctor, "Please tell my
husband."

The doctor went out into the waiting room and told the husband that his wife needed sex three times a week. The 80-year-old husband replied, "Which days?"

The doctor answered, "Monday, Wednesday, and Friday would be ideal.

The husband said, "I can bring her on Monday and Wednesday, but on Fridays, she'll have to take the bus."All the little rascals sat down for class, and the teacher decided to start off the day with a spelling quiz.

The teacher first asked Darla, "Darla, can you spell dumb?"

"D-u-m-b," said Darla

The teacher then said, "Can you use it in a sentence?"

"Buckwheat is dumb."

"Okay, can you spell stupid?" said the teacher.

"S-t-u-p-i-d."

"Can you use it in a sentence?"

"Buckwheat is stupid."

"Buckwheat, can you spell dictate?"

"D-i-c-t-a-t-e."

"Can you use it in a sentence?"

"I may be dumb, and I may be stupid, but Darla says my dictate good."In the cafeteria of a Catholic school, the children were lined up for lunch. At the head of the line was a large pile of apples.  The nun made a note and she had placed it in front of the apples.  The note read: "Take only one, God is watching." 

Further down the cafeteria line was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies... 

One of the boys had written a note of his own. The note he placed in front of the cookies read: "Take all you want, God is watching the apples."A man walks into a pharmacy and asks for a pack of condoms. As soon as he has paid for them, he starts laughing and walks out.
 The next day, the same performance, with the man walking out laughing, fit to bust. The pharmacist thinks this odd and asks his assistant, if the man returns, to follow him.
 Sure enough, he comes into the store the next day, repeating his actions once more. The assistant duly follows. Half an hour later, he returns.

"So did you follow him?"

"Yes, I did."

"And...where did he go?"

"Over to your house..."I woke up one morning knowing I was going to have a bad day. 

I went to put on my shirt, but when i picked it up, one of the buttons fell off. When i went to  put on my pants the button fell off of them too. I went downstairs to eat my breakfast, my toast fell off the plate. By then i was getting very frustrated. I picked up my brief case, and as you have guessed by now, something fell off. 

I decided to walk to work. When I got in I told my boss, "I've really got to use the bathroom." 

He said, "Why didn't you use it at home?" 

I replied, "Because everything I touched, something fell off so I'm afraid."A while back, over in Great Britain, a woman complained to the telephone company about her phone. Sometimes, it would not ring when someone called. 

The strange part, she said, was that when it did ring, the ring was invariably preceded by her dog barking. So she was convinced she had a broken telephone and a psychic dog. 

Now, in Britain, the ring signal is a high-voltage low-ampere current sent from the local office to the phone. The wire which carries this signal is run from the pole to a large metal spike in the yard, which grounds the circuit. 

In order to isolate the problem, the phone company sent a repairman out to climb the pole and manually send the signal down the wire. Sure enough, when he did this, nothing happened the first time. The second time, the dog barked just before the phone rang. 

Investigation revealed that the dog was chained (with an iron chain) to the spike that grounded the circuit. So this is what was happening: the ground was dry, preventing the ring signal from grounding itself easily through the spike, so the current ran down the chain to the dog, paralyzing him. 

When the current released the dog, he yelped and urinated, which wet the ground, so that the second ring signal made it through and the phone rang.A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all in a red ferari speeding down a country road being chased by a squad car.

They try to lose him by darting into a forest behind a farm.

The trio ditch the car and decide to each hide in three burlap sacs on the ground.

The cop who was really close on their tail went up to each sac.

The cop kicked the first sac and the brunette inside said;

"Woof woof"

"Oh it's just a dog."

Then he kicked the second sac,

Inside that sack the redhead said;

"Meow Meow"

"Oh, it's just a kitten.

Then the cop went up to the third sac with the blonde inside and kicked it

The blonde said

"Potato potato"'The Romance of Leprosy',  E Mackerchar 1949

'Why bring that up? a guide to seasickness', J F Montague 1936

'Penetrating Wagner's Ring', John L Di Gaetanao 1978

'Constipation & our Civilization', J C Thomson 1943

'A pictorial book of tongue coating', Anon 1981

'A Government committee of Enquiry on the Light metal artificial Leg', Captain Henery Hulme & Chisholm Baird 1923

'Daddy was an undertaker', McDill, McGown & Gassman 1952

'Amputation Stumps: Their care & after-treatment', Sir Godfrey Martin Huggins 1918

'A Study of Masturbation & its reputed Sequelae', J F W Meagher 1924

'Sex after Death', B J Ferrell & D E Frey 1983"He who laughs last, doesn't get the joke."If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy all her friends?There are three kinds of people in this world, those who can count, and those who can not!Vacation begins when dad says. "I know a shortcut"!Energizer Bunny arrested... charged with battery.Lottery, a tax on people who can't do mathall generalizations are falseYo momma so fat, and you so poor, she stepped in your house and the tires popped.Eat right, stay fit, die anyway!IRS... we've got what it takes, to take what you've gotLaugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.DNA, national dyslexic associationBe nice to your kids, they'll choose your nursing home.I don't suffer from insanity... I enjoy every minute of it.No one is listening to you until you make a mistake.Dyslexics of the world, untie!DARE, to keep cops off donutsOn the other hand, you have different fingers.Save a tree, eat a beaver!!Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.Sometimes I wake up grumpy, other times I let her sleep.Always remember that you are unique, just like everybody else!Always go to other peoples funerals, or they wont come to yours.Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.Nobody's perfect-I'm a nobody.Ask me about my vow of silence..Courdory pillows--they're making headlines.What is another word for Thesaurus?The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of bread.How many gay people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

8, one to screw it in, and seven to stand back and say "Fabulous!"The bandage was wound around the wound.

The farm was used to produce produce.

The dump was so full that it had to refuse more refuse

We must polish the Polish furniture.

He could lead if he would get the lead out.

The soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert.

Since there is no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present.

A bass was painted on the head of the bass drum.

When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.

I did not object to the object.

The insurance was invalid for the invalid.

There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row.

They were too close to the door to close it.

The buck does funny things when the does are present.

A seamstress and a sewer fell down into a sewer line.

To help with planting, the farmer taught his sow to sow.

The wind was too strong to wind the sail.

After a number of injections my jaw got number.

Upon seeing the tear in the painting I shed a tear.

I had to subject the subject to a series of tests.

How can I intimate this to my most intimate friend?-The Vain Person
One who loves the smell of his own farts.
-The Amiable Person
One who loves the smell of other people's farts.
-The Proud Person
One who thinks his farts are exceptionable fine.
-The Shy Person
One who releases silent farts then blushes.
-The Imprudent Person
One who boldly farts out loud, and then laughs.
-The Unfortunate Person
One who tries hard to fart, but shits instead.
-The Scientific Person
One who farts frequently, but is truly concerned for the environment.
-The Nervous Person
One who stops in the middle of a fart.
-The Honest Person
One who admitted he farted, but offers a good medical reason.
-The Dishonest Person
One who farts but blames the dog.
-The Foolish Person
One who suppresses a fart for hours and hours.
-The Thrifty Person
One who always has several farts in reserve.
-The Anti-Social Person
One who excuses himself and farts in complete privacy.
-The Strategic Person
One who conceals his farts with loud coughing.
-The Sadistic Person
One who farts in bed and then fluffs the covers over his bedmate.
-The Intelligent Person
One who can determine from the smell of his neighbor's fart, precisely the latest food items consumed.There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.10. Conversations often begin with "Put the gun down, and then we can talk."

9. The school principal has your number on speed-dial.

8. The cat is on Valium.

7. People have trouble understanding your kids, because they learned to speak through clenched teeth.

6. You are trying to get your four-year-old to switch to decaffeinated.

5. The number of jobs held down by family members exceeds the number of people in the family.

4. No one has time to wait for microwave TV dinners.

3. "Family meetings" are often mediated by law enforcement officials.

2. You have to check your kid's day-timer to see if he can take out the trash.

1. Maxwell House gives you industrial rates.1. Your boss is always yelling, "I wanna see your ass in here by 8:00!"

2. Can take advantage of computer monitor radiation to work on your tan.

3. "I'd love to chip in, but I left my wallet in my pants."

4. To stop those creepy guys in Marketing from looking down your blouse.

5. You want to see if it's like the dream.

6. So that with a little help from Muzak you can add "Exotic Dancer" to your exaggerated resume.

7. People stop stealing your pens after they've seen where you keep them.

8. Diverts attention from the fact that you also came to work drunk.

9. Gives "bad hair day" a whole new meaning.

10. No one steals your chair.Mrs. Flebs, a teacher, was standing in front of her class. It was the beginning of the new school year. Mrs. Flebs said, "Okay class, we're going to go around the room and have everybody say a sentence. We'll start with Sarah." 

Sarah said, "Cows have spots." 

Terrence said, ''Baseball is a sport." 

Carla said, "Computers are electronic." 

Bobby said, "Urinate." 

Mrs. Flebs said, "Bobby, urinate is a word, not a sentence." 

Bobby said, "Not urinate, it's you're an eight. And if you had bigger tits you'd be a ten."There was this guy and he had a girlfriend called Lorraine who was very pretty and he liked her a lot. 
 One day he went to work to find that a new girl had started. Her name was Clearly and she was absolutely gorgeous. He became quite besotted with  her and after a while it became obvious that she was interested in him too. 
 But this guy was a loyal man and he wouldn't get involved with Clearly while he was still going out with Lorraine. He decided that there was nothing for it but to break up with her and get it on with the new girl. He planned several times to tell Lorraine but he couldn't bring himself to do it. 
 One day they went for a walk along the river bank when Lorraine slipped and  fell in to the river. The current carried her off and she drowned. The guy stopped for a moment by the river and then ran off singing -      
 "I can see Clearly now Lorraine has gone"Q: What is the definition of a sick bird?

A:  IllegalVeronica: Nurse, I am losing my hair!
Nurse: Okay, what size paper bag do you need?Attending a wedding for the first time, a little girl whispered to her mother: "Why is the bride dressed in white?" 
"Because white is the color of happiness and today is the happiest day of her life," her mother tried to explain, keeping it simple. 
The child thought about this for a moment, then said: "So then why is the groom wearing black?"A lil boy came down for breakfast one morning and asked his grandma, "Where`s Mom and Dad? " and she replied, "They`re up in bed," so the lil boy started to giggle and ate his breakfast and went out to play. 
Then he came back in for lunch and asked his grandma "Where`s Mom and Dad?" and she replied, "They`re still up in bed," and the lil boy started to giggle and he ate his lunch and went out to play. 
Then the lil boy came in for dinner and once again he asked his grandma, "Where`s Mom and Dad?" and his grandmother replied "They`re still up in bed" and the little boy started to laugh and his grandmother asked, "What give's? Every time I tell you they`re still up in bed you start to laugh! What is going on here?" 
The little boy replied, "Well last night daddy came into my bedroom and asked me for the Vaseline and I gave him super glue instead."Her name was Virginia.  They called her Virgin for short, but not for long!And out of the night came the terrible scream,
"Who put the sand in the Vaseline!?"If my dog was as ugly as your mom, I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards!A woman, calling a local hospital, said, "Hello, I'd like to talk with the person who gives the information regarding your patients. I'd like to find out if the patient is getting better, or doing as expected, or is getting worse". The voice on the other end of the line said, "What is the patient's name and room number?" She said, "Sarah Finkel, in Room 302." "I will connect you with the nursing station." 
"3-A Nursing Station. How can I help You?" 
"I would like to know the condition of Sarah Finkel in Room 302." 
"Just a moment. Let me look at her records. Oh, yes. Mrs. Finkel is doing very well. In fact, she's had two full meals, her blood pressure is fine, her blood work just came back as normal, she's going to be 
taken off the heart monitor in a couple of hours and if she continues this improvement, Dr. Cohen is going to send her home Tuesday at twelve o'clock." 
The woman said, "Thank God! That's wonderful! Oh! that's fantastic ...that's wonderful news!" 
The nurse said, "From your enthusiasm, I take it you must be a close family member or a very close friend!" "Not exactly, I'm Sarah Finkel in 302! Nobody here tells me shit!!A blonde missed a 44 bus so she took the 22 bus twice!A panda walks into a bar and eats lunch. When he is finished he shoots the waiter and leaves. 

The owner ran after the panda and asked him why he did such and thing. The panda replied, "Look up the word 'panda' in the dictionary." 

The owner did so and it read, "Panadas are black and white animals. They eat shoots and leaves."Q: What do you get when you cross a snake and a kangaroo?

A:  A jump ropeQ: What do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a sheep?

A:  A sweater with pocketsAll the boys and girls in Mrs. Dovers class are drawing. Mrs. Dover came over to Tommy and said, "What picture are you drawing?" Tommy said, "A cow eating grass." "Ok, where's the grass?" "The cow ate it all." "Ok, where's the cow?" "He went to go look for more grass."What's the difference between two yards?


A. Usually a fence.Knock Knock?
Who's there?
Megan
Megan who?
Makin a list chekin it twice gonna find out who's naughty or nice.When physics meets Star Wars: 

May the net force be with you!1. Q: What would you do if a cheetah charged you?
    A: Pay him cash. (But don't worry. He accepts credit cards too.)

2. Q: Who went into the tiger's lair and came out alive?
    A: The tiger.

3. Q: If there were ten cats in a boat and one jumped off, how many are still on the boat?
    A: None- they were all copy cats.

4: Q: What has four legs and two eyes but sees just as well from both ends?
    A: A tiger with its eyes closed.Q: Why did piglet look in the toilet?
A: He was looking for Pooh (poo)There were 3 tomatoes.  A momma tomato, a papa tomato, and a baby tomato.  The baby tomato started to fall behind and the papa tomato called over to him and said, "Ketchup!"All lazy peoples' slogan must be "The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese."  

But fear not for all of you who wake up early just keep this in mind:

The first cat gets the mouse.A blonde girl enters a store that sells curtains. She tells the salesman: "I would like to buy a pink curtain that's the size of my computer screen". The surprised salesman replies: "But, madam, computers do not need curtains...."

And the blonde said:

"Helloooo.... I've got Windows!"Knock Knock!

Who's there?

Yo da lay he.

Yo da lay he who?

I didn't know you could yodel!A cardiologist died and was given an elaborate funeral. A huge heart covered in flowers stood behind the casket during the service.

 Following the eulogy, the heart opened, and the casket rolled inside. The heart then closed, sealing the doctor in the beautiful heart forever.

At that point, one of the mourners burst into laughter. When all eyes stared at him, he said, "I'm sorry, I was just thinking of my own funeral ...I'm a gynecologist."

At that point, the proctologist fainted.Adam and Eve said, "Lord, when we were in the garden, you walked with us every day. Now we do not see you any more. We are lonesome here, and it is difficult for us to remember how much you love us." 
 
 And God said, "No problem! I will create a companion for you that will be with you forever and who will be a reflection of my love for you, so that you will love me even when you cannot see me. Regardless of how selfish or childish or unlovable you may be, this new companion will accept you as you are and will love you as I do, in spite of yourselves." 
 
 And God created a new animal to be a companion for Adam and Eve. 
 
And it was a good animal. 

 And God was pleased.  

 And the new animal was pleased to be with Adam and Eve and he wagged his tail. 

And Adam said, "Lord, I have already named all the animals in the Kingdom and I cannot think of a name for this new animal." 
 
 And God said, "No problem. Because I have created this new animal to be a reflection of my love for you, his name will be a reflection of my own name, and you will call him DOG." 
 
 
 
 And Dog lived with Adam and Eve and was a companion to them and loved them. 
 
 And they were comforted. 
 
 And God was pleased. 

 And Dog was content and wagged his tail. 

After a while, it came to pass that an angel came to the Lord and said, "Lord, Adam and Eve have become filled with pride. They strut and preen like peacocks and they believe they are worthy of adoration. Dog has indeed taught them that they are loved, but perhaps too well." 
 
 And God said, "No problem! I will create for them a companion who will be with them forever and who will see them as they are. The companion will remind them of their limitations, so they will know that they are not always worthy of adoration." 

 And God created CAT to be a companion to Adam and Eve. 

And Cat would not obey them. And when Adam and Eve gazed into Cat's eyes, they were reminded that they were not the supreme beings. 

And Adam and Eve learned humility. 

And they were greatly improved.

And God was pleased. 
 
And Dog was happy. 
~
~
~
~
~
~
~

And Cat didn't give a shit one way or the other.A young man wanted to purchase a gift for his new girlfriend's birthday and as they had not been dating very long, after careful consideration, he decided that a pair of gloves would strike the right note: romantic, but not too personal.
 
Accompanied by his sweetheart's younger sister, he went to Debenham's and bought a pair of white gloves. The sister purchased a pair of panties for herself. During the wrapping, the assistant mixed up the items and the sister got the gloves and the girlfriend got the panties. 

Without checking the contents, the young man sealed the package and sent it to his girlfriend with the following note: 

"I chose these because I noticed that you are not in the habit of wearing any when we go out in the evening. 
 If it had not been for your sister, I would have chosen the long ones with the buttons, but she wears short ones that are easier to remove. These are a delicate shade, but the lady I bought them from showed me the pair she had been wearing for the past three weeks and they are hardly soiled. I had her try yours on for me and she looked really smart.
 I wish I was there to put them on for you the first time as no doubt other hands will come in contact with them before I have a chance to see you again. When you take them off, remember to blow in them before putting them away as they will naturally be a little damp from wearing. 
 Just think how many times I will kiss them during the coming year!"

All my love...... 

P.S. The latest style is to wear them folded down with a little fur showing.1. Look at the size of his putter. 
2. Oh, dang, my shaft's all bent. 
3. You really wacked the hell out of that sucker. 
4. After 18 holes I can barely walk. 
5. My hands are so sweaty I can't get a good grip. 
6. Lift your head and spread your legs. 
7. You have a nice stroke, but your follow through leaves a lot to be desired. 
8. Just turn your back and drop it. 
9. Hold up. I've got to wash my balls. 
10. Damn, I missed the hole again.A little kid walks into a city bus and sits right behind the driver and starts yelling, ''If my dad was a bull and my mom a cow I'd be a little bull.'' 
The driver starts getting mad at the noisy kid, who continues with, ''If my dad was an elephant and my mom a girl elephant I would be a little elephant.'' 

The kid goes on with several animals until the bus driver gets angry and yells at the kid, ''What if your dad was a drunk and your mom was a prostitute?!'' 

The kid smiles and says, ''I would be a bus driver!''Why doesn't a blonde talk during sex? 
Because her mother told her never to talk to strangers.Q: What's black, blue, brown and laying in a ditch? 
A: A brunette who's told too many blonde jokes.A four year old was at the pediatrician for a check up. As the doctor looked in her ears with an otoscope, he asked, "Do you think I'll find Big Bird in here?" 

The little girl stayed silent. 

Next, the doctor took a tongue depressor and looked down her throat. He asked, "Do you think I'll find the Cookie Monster down there?" 

Again, the little girl was silent. 

Then the doctor put a stethoscope to her chest. As he listened to her heart beat, he asked, "Do you think I'll hear Barney in there?" 

"Oh, no!" the little girl replied. "Jesus is in my heart. Barney's on my underpants."A man was reading the paper when an ad caught his eye. It loudly announced, "$500 Porsche! New!" The man thought that it was very unusual to sell a Porsche for $500, and he thought it might be a joke, but he said to himself, 'it's worth a shot.' 

So he went to the lady's house who was selling the Porsche and she led him into the garage. Sure enough, there was an almost brand new Porsche. 

"Wow!" the man said, "Can I take it for a test drive?" 

"Sure," answered the lady. Unlike what he expected, the man found that the car ran perfectly. 

When he got back to the lady's house, he asked her, "Why are you selling me this great Porsche for only $500?" 

Then the lady replied with a laugh, "My husband just ran off with his secretary, and he told me, 'You can have the house and the furniture, just sell my Porsche and send me the money.'"A man left for work one Friday afternoon, but since it was payday, he stayed out the entire weekend partying with the boys and spending his entire paycheck instead of just going straight home. When he finally appeared at home on Sunday night, he was confronted by a very angry wife and a two-hour tirade befitting his actions. Finally his wife stopped the nagging and simply asked, "How would you like it if you didn't see me for two or three days?"

The man replied, "That would be fine with me."

Monday went by and he didn't see his wife. Tuesday and Wednesday came and went with the same results. Come Thursday, the swelling went down just enough that he could see her a little bit out of the corner of his left eye.Knock-Knock
Who's There?
Rita
Rita who?
Rita book, you might learn something!1. Better save that. We'll need it for the autopsy. 
2. "Accept this sacrifice, O Great Lord of Darkness." 
3. Bo! Bo! Come back with that. Bad dog! 
4. Wait a minute, if this is his spleen, then what's that? 
5. Hand me that...uh...that uh...that thingy there. 
6. Oh no! Where's my Rolex? 
7. Oops! Hey, has anyone ever survived from 500 ml of this stuff before? 
8. There go the lights again? 
9. "Ya know, there's big money in kidneys. And this guy's got two of 'em." 
10. Everybody stand back! I lost my contact lens! 
11. Could you stop that thing from beating; it's throwing off my concentration. 
12. What's this doing here? 
13. I hate it when they're missing stuff in here. 
14. That's cool. Now can you make his leg twitch by pressing that one?! 
15. Well folks, this will be an experiment for all of us. 
16. Sterile schmerile. The floor's clean, right? 
17. What do you mean he wasn't in for a sex change?! 
18. OK, now take a picture from this angle. This is truly a freak of nature. 
19. This patient has already had some kids, am I correct? 
20. Nurse, did this patient sign an organ donation card? 
21. Don't worry. I think it is sharp enough. 
22. What do you mean "You want a divorce?!?" 
23. FIRE! FIRE! Everyone get out! 
24. Hey! Page 47 of the manual is missing! 
25. Oopsies.
26. No MY bad!
27. Oh crap...
28. Did I do that...
29. Wait...that's not supposed to be there...is it?
30. Not again...Q. What do you call a guy that sits on your doorstep?

A. A Matt.Q: What do you call a guy with a Spade in his head?

A: Doug.

Q: What do you call a guy without a spade in his head?

A: DouglasQuestion: Who am I if I have 73 eyes, 4 noses, 8 heads, 139 arms, 78 legs and 100, 000, 000 lips?
Answer: A liar.Have you ever asked your child a question too many times? Johnny a three-year-old had a lot of problems with potty training and his mother was with him constantly. One day they stopped at Taco Bell for a quick lunch in between errands. It was very busy, with a full dining room. While enjoying her  taco, the mother smelled something funny, so of course she checked her seven-month-old daughter and she was clean. Then Mom realized that Johnny had not asked to go potty in a while, so she asked him if he needed to go, and he said "No." She kept thinking, "Oh Lord, that child has had an accident, and I don't have any clothes with me." Then she said, "Johnny, are you SURE you didn't have an accident?" "No," he replied. she just KNEW that he must have had an accident, because the smell was getting worse. Soooooo! she asked one more time, "Johnny, did you have an accident?" This time he jumped up, yanked down his pants, bent over and spread his cheeks and yelled. "SEE MOM, IT'S JUST FARTS!!" While 30 people nearly choked to death on their tacos laughing, he calmly pulled up his pants and sat down.A bus stops and two Italian men get on. They seat themselves, and engage in animated conversation. The lady sitting behind them ignores their conversation at first, but her attention is galvanized when she hears one of the men say the following: 

''Emma come first. Den I come. Two asses, they come together. I come again. Two asses, they come together again. I come again and pee twice. Then I come once-a-more.'' 

''You foul-mouthed swine,'' retorted the lady indignantly. ''In this country we don't talk about our sex lives in public.'' 

''Hey, coola down lady,'' said the man. ''Imma just tella my friend howa to spella Mississippi.''A woman went to her doctor's office. She was seen by one of the new doctors, but after about 4 minutes in the examination room, she burst out screaming and ran down the hall. 

An older doctor stopped her and asked what the problem was, and she explained. He had her sit down and relax in another room. 

The older doctor marched back to the first and demanded, "What's the matter with you? Mrs. Terry is 63 years old, she has four grown children and seven grandchildren, and you told her she was pregnant?" 

The new doctor smiled smugly as he continued to write on his clipboard. 

"Cured her hiccups though, didn't it?"One day a housework-challenged husband decided to wash his sweatshirt. Seconds after he stepped into the laundry room, he shouted to his wife, "What setting do I use on the washing machine?" 

"It depends," she replied. "What does it say on your shirt?"

He yelled back, "University of Oklahoma."1) Life isn't like a box of chocolates, it's more like a jar of jalapenos -- you never know what's going to burn your butt.

2) I love deadlines. I especially like the "whooshing" sound they make as they go flying by.

3) Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.

4) Needing someone is like needing a parachute. If they aren't there the first time, chances are you won't be needing them again.

5) I don't have an attitude problem, you have a perception problem.

6) Last night, I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling?

7) My reality check bounced.

8) On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.

9) I don't suffer from stress; I am a carrier!

10) You are slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.

11) Everyone is someone else's weirdo.

12) Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level then beat you with experience.

13) Be careful, a pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the butt.

14) Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced, you won't be promoted.

15) The more bull you put up with the more bull you are going to get.

16) You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.

17) So this isn't Home Sweet Home. ADJUST!!!

18) Ring bell for maid service. If no answer, do it yourself!

19) I came, I saw, I decided to order take out.

20) Blessed are they who can laugh at themselves for they shall never cease to be amused.

21) I'd live life in the fast lane, but I am married to a speed bump.

22) What should you give a man who has everything? A woman to show him how to work it!

23) How can you tell which bottle contains her PMS medicine?... It's the one with bite marks on the cap!!!A little old lady went into the Bank of Canada one day, carrying a bag of money. She insisted that she must speak with the president of the bank to open a savings account because, "It's a lot of money!" 
After much hemming and hawing, the bank staff finally ushered her into the president's office (the customer is always right!) 
The bank president then asked her how much she would like to deposit. She replied, "$165,000!" and dumped the cash out of her bag onto his desk. The president was of course curious as to how she came by all this cash, so he asked her, "Ma'am, I'm surprised you're carrying so much cash around. "Where did you get this money?" 
The old lady replied, "I make bets." The president then asked, "Bets? What kind of bets?" 
The old woman said, "Well, for example, I'll bet you $25,000 that your balls are square." 
"Ha!" laughed the president, "That's a stupid bet. You can never win that kind of bet!" 
The old lady challenged, "So, would you like to take my bet?"  "Sure," said the president, I'll bet $25,000 that my balls are not square!" 
The little old lady then said, "Okay, but since there is a lot of money involved, may I bring my lawyer with me tomorrow at 10:00 AM as a witness?" 
"Sure!" replied the confident president. 
That night, the president got very nervous about the bet and spent a long time in front of a mirror checking his balls, turning from side to side, again and again. He thoroughly checked them out until he was sure there was absolutely no way his balls were square and that he would win the bet. 
The next morning, at precisely 10:00 am, the little old lady appeared with her lawyer at the president's office. She introduced the lawyer to the president and repeated the bet: "$25,000 says the president's balls are square!"  The president agreed with the bet again and the old lady asked him to drop his pants so they could all see. The president did. The little old lady peered closely at his balls and ! then asked if she could feel them. 
"Well, Okay," said the president, "$25,000 is a lot of money, so I guess you should be absolutely sure." Just then, he noticed that the lawyer was quietly banging his head against the wall. The President asked the old lady, "What the hell's the matter with your lawyer?"  She replied, "Nothing, except I bet him $100,000 that at 10:00 AM today, I'd have The Bank of Canada's president's balls in my hand."Yo daddy so bald he has to have holes in his pocket to finger through his hair.1) If you and I were squirrels, I could bust a nut in your hole.
2) How do you like your eggs: fried, scrambled or fertilized? 
3) My love for you is like diarrhea; I just can't hold it in. 
4) If your right leg was Thanksgiving, and your left leg was Christmas, then could I meet you between the holidays? 
5) How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open, and I'll give you the meat.A young man was walking through a supermarket to pick a few things when he noticed an old lady following him around. Thinking nothing of it, he ignored her and continued on. Finally, he went to the checkout line, but she got in front of him. 

"Pardon me," she said, "I'm sorry if my staring at you has made you feel uncomfortable. It's just that you look just like my son who just died recently." 

"I'm very sorry," replied the young man, "Is there anything I can do for you?" 

"Yes," she said. "As I'm leaving, can you say 'Goodbye mother'? It would make me feel much better." 

"Sure," answered the young man. As the old woman was leaving, he called out, "Goodbye mother!" 

As he stepped up to the checkout counter, he saw that his total was $127.50. "How can that be?" he asked, "I only purchased a few things!" 

"Your mother said that you would pay for her," said the clerk.Why is the letter E like London?

 Because it is the Capital of EnglandWhat disasters would happen if a waiter dropped a plate of turkey?


The  downfall of Greece,  the overthrow of Turkey  and the break up of ChinaWhat are the blonde's first words after 4 years of college? 
"Would you like fries with that?"Knock-Knock?
Who's there?
Alison.
Alison who?
Alison (I listen) to the radio sometimes!A man is walking down the street. Further down the street he notices Little Johnny. Little Johnny is sitting in a red wagon, wearing a fireman's hat.  The wagon is tied to a dog, by its balls. 

The man says to LittleJohnny "Little Johnny you could go alot further, if you tied the rope around the dogs neck." 

Little Johnny replies "If I did that, I wouldn't have a siren"A market researcher called at a house and his knock was answered by a young woman with three small children running around her. He asked her if she minded replying to his questions and she agreed. He asked her if she knew his company, Cheeseborough Ponds.
When she said no, he mentioned that among their many products was Vaseline and she certainly knew of that product. 
When asked if she used it, the answer was "Yes."
Asked how she used it, she said, "To assist sexual intercourse." The interviewer was amazed. He said, "I always ask that question because everyone uses our product and they always say they use it for the child's bicycle chain, or the gate hinge; but I know that most use it for sexual intercourse. Since you've been so frank, could you tell me exactly how you use it?"  
"Yes, we put it on the doorknob to keep the kids out."Once there was a girl who wanted larger breasts, so one day she went to see her doctor, Dr. Smith.  

Dr. Smith told her to rub her breasts and repeat the following: "SCOOBIE,DOOBIE,LOOBIE, I WANT BIGGER BOOBIES".

One day she was running late, and decided to do her exercises on the bus when a guy came up to her and asked if she was a patient of Dr. Smith's, to which she replied: "Yes, how did you know?".

He replied "HICKORY DICKORY DOC!"A son walks into the living room and asks his dad to borrow the car because he has a hot date. The dad says, ''Sure, as soon as you cut your long hair.'' 
The boy smiles and thinking he has outsmarted his dad replies, ''Dad, Jesus had long hair...''

And the dad replied, ''Yeah, and Jesus walked everywhere he went too, didn''t he?''A woman accompanied her husband to the doctor's office.

After his checkup, the doctor called the wife into his office alone. He said, "Your husband is suffering from a very severe stress disorder. If you don't do the following, your husband will surely die." 
"Each morning, fix him a healthy breakfast.  Be pleasant at all times. For lunch make him a nutritious meal.  For dinner prepare an especially nice meal for him.  Don't burden him with chores.  Don't discuss your problems with him, it will only make his stress worse.   No nagging.  And most importantly, make love with your husband several times a week.  If you can do this for the next 10 months to a year, I think your husband will regain his health completely." 

On the way home, the husband asked his wife.  "What did the doctor say?"

"He said you're going to die,"  she replied.Yo' mama so poor, all she got you for Christmas was a video of other kids playin' with their toys!What does it mean when a blonde is saying,

"yes no yes no yes no yes no yes no?"

She's testing if her brunette friend's turn signal is working!A man walks in to an auto store and asks the blonde cashier where the turtle wax is. The blonde says,"I'm sorry sir, but we don't sell pet supplies."1. If they want to loan you money, tell them you just filed for bankruptcy and you could sure use some money. 

2. If they start out with, "How are you today?" say, "I'm so glad you asked, because no one these days seems to care, and I have all these problems. My arthritis is acting up, my eyelashes are sore, my dog just died . . . " 

3. If they say they're John Doe from XYZ Company, ask them to spell their name. Then ask them to spell the company name. Then ask them where it is located, how long it has been in business, how many people work there, how they got into this line of work, if they are married, how many kids they have, etc. Continue asking them personal questions or questions about their company for as long as necessary. 

4. This works great if you are male. Telemarketer: "Hi, my name is Judy and I'm with XYZ Company." You: Wait for a second and with a real husky voice ask, "What are you wearing?" 

5. Cry out in surprise, "Judy? Is that you? Oh my God! Judy, how have you been?" Hopefully, this will give Judy a few brief moments of terror as she tries to figure out where she could know you from. 

6. Say "No" over and over. Be sure to vary the sound of each one, and keep a rhythmic tempo, even as they are trying to speak. This is most fun if you can do it until they hang up. 

7. If MCI calls trying to get you to sign up for the Family and Friends Plan, reply, in as sinister a voice as you can, "I don't have any friends, would you be my friend?" 

8. If the company cleans rugs, respond: "Can you get out blood? Can you get out goat blood? How about human blood?" 

9. After the telemarketer gives his or her spiel, ask him or her to marry you. When they get all flustered, tell them that you can't just give your credit card number to a complete stranger. 

10. Tell the telemarketer that you work for the same company, and they can't sell to employees. 

11. Answer the phone. As soon as you realize it is a telemarketer, set the receiver down, scream, "Oh my God!" and then hang up. 

12. Tell the telemarketer you are busy at the moment and ask him/her if he/she will give you his/her home phone number so you can call him/her back. When the telemarketer explains that telemarketers cannot give out their home numbers say, "I guess you don't want anyone bothering you at home, right?" The telemarketer will agree and you say, "Me neither!" Hang up. 

13. Ask them to repeat everything they say, several times. 

14. Tell them it is dinner time, but ask if they would please hold. Put them on your speaker phone while you continue to eat at your leisure. Smack your food loudly and continue with your dinner conversation. 

15. Tell the telemarketer you are on "home incarceration" and ask if they could bring you some beer. 

16. Ask them to fax the information to you, and make up a number. 

17. Tell the telemarketer, "Okay, I'll listen to you. But I should probably tell you, I'm not wearing any clothes." 

18. Insist that the caller is really your buddy Leon, playing a joke. "Come on, Leon, cut it out! Seriously, Leon, how's your momma?" 

19. Tell them you are hard of hearing and that they need to speak up . . . louder . . . louder . . . 

20. Tell them to talk very slowly, because you want to write every word down.Little Johnny's next door neighbor had a baby. Unfortunately, the little baby was born with no ears. When they arrived home from the hospital, the parents invited Little Johnny's family to come over and see their new baby. 

Little Johnny's parents were very afraid their son would have a wise crack to say about the baby, so Little Johnny's dad had a long talk with Little Johnny before going to the neighbors. 

He said, "Now, son...that poor baby was born without any ears. I want you to be on your best behavior and not say one word about his ears, or I'm really going to spank your butt when we get back home." 

"I promise not to mention his ears at all," said Little Johnny.

At the neighbor's home, Little Johnny leaned over the crib and touched the baby's hand. He looked at its mother and said, "Oh, what a beautiful little baby!" 

The mother, who had braced herself for Johnny's comment, was pleasantly surprised and said, "Thank you very much, Little Johnny." 

He then said, "This baby has perfect little hands and perfect little feet. Why, just look at his pretty little eyes! Did his doctor say he can see good?" 

The mother, a bit bewildered, hesitantly replies "Why, yes ... his doctor said he has 20/20 vision, why do you ask?" 

Little Johnny said, "Well, it's a good thing, cause he sure as shit can't wear glasses."On the first day God created the cow. God said, "You must go to the field, with the farmer, all day long and suffer under the sun, have calves and give milk to support the farmer. I will give you a life span of sixty years." 

The cow said, "That's a kind of a tough life you want me to live for sixty years. Let me have twenty years and I'll give back the other forty." God agreed. 

On the second day, God created the dog. God said, "Sit all day by the door of your house and bark at anyone who comes in or walks past. I will give you a life span of twenty years." 

The dog said, "That's too long to be barking. Give me ten years and I'll give back the other ten." So God agreed (sigh). 

On the third day, God created the monkey. God said, "Entertain people, do monkey tricks, make them laugh. I'll give you a twenty year life span." 

Monkey said, "How boring, monkey tricks for twenty years? I don't think so. Dog gave you back ten, so that's what I'll do too, okay?" God agreed again. 

On the fourth day God created man. God said, "Eat, sleep, play, have sex, enjoy. Do nothing, just enjoy, enjoy. I'll give you twenty years." 

Man said, "What? Only twenty years? No way man. Tell you what, I'll take my twenty, and the forty cow gave back, and the ten dog gave back and the ten monkey gave back. That makes eighty, okay?" "Okay," said God. "You've got a deal." 

So that is why for the first twenty years we eat, sleep, play, have sex, enjoy, and do nothing; for the next forty years we slave in the sun to support our family; for the next ten years we do monkey tricks to entertain our grandchildren; and for the last ten years we sit in front of the house and bark at everybody.From: [langalist] LangaList Standard Edition 2003-07-24

Just For Grins

1. Coffee (n), a person who is coughed upon.
2. Flabbergasted (adj), appalled over how much weight you have gained.
3. Abdicate (v), to give up hope of ever having a flat stomach.
4. Esplanade (v), to attempt an explanation when drunk.
5. Willy-nilly (adj), impotent.
6. Negligent (adj), describes a condition in which you absentmindedly answer the door in your nightie.
7. Lymph (v), to walk with a lisp.
8. Gargoyle (n), an olive flavoured mouthwash.
9. Flatulence (n), the emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.
10. Balderdash (n), a rapidly receding hairline.
11. Testicle (n), a humorous question in an exam.
12. Rectitude (n), the formal, dignified demeanor assumed by a proctologist immediately before he examines you.
13. Oyster (n), a person who sprinkles his conversation with Yiddish expressions.
14. Frisbeetarianism (n), the belief that, when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck there.
15. Pokemon (n), a Jamaican proctologist.What's the difference between a jailer and a jeweler?

One sells watches, one watches cells!Yo mamma so stupid she threw a clock out the window to see time fly.Why did the blonde keep a picture of herself in her room?

So she could use it as a mirror!A young female teacher was giving an assignment to her 6th grade class one day. It was a large assignment so she started writing high up on the chalkboard. Suddenly there was a giggle from one of the boys in the class. She quickly turned and asked, "What's so funny, Pat?" 
"I just saw one of your garters!" 

"Get out of my classroom," she yells, "I don't want to see  you for three days!" 

The teacher turns back to the chalkboard. Realizing she had forgotten to title the assignment, she reaches to the very top of the chalkboard.  Suddenly there is an even louder giggle from another male student. She quickly turns and asks, "What's so funny, Billy?" 

"I just saw both of your garters!" 

Again, she yells, "Get out of my classroom! This time the punishment is more severe; I don't want to see you for three weeks!" 

Embarrassed and frustrated, she drops the eraser when she turns around again, so she bends over to pick it up. This time there is a burst of laughter from another male student. She quickly turns, to see Little Johnny leaving the classroom. 

"Where do you think you're going?" she asks. 

"From what I just saw, my school days are over!"It was recess and the pre-schoolers came in. The teacher asked Susie what she did today. ''Well, I played in the sandbox,'' she said. The teacher said, ''If you can spell sand, I'll give you a fresh-baked cookie.'' So Susie did. 
Then Billy came in and the teacher asked what he did. ''I played in the sandbox with Susie,'' he said. ''If you can spell sand, I'll give you a cookie,'' the teacher said. So Billy did. 

Then the little Russian boy said, ''Well, I wanted to play in the sandbox, but Billy and Susie were throwing rocks at me.'' 

The teacher said, ''Well, that sounds like discrimination. If you can spell that, I'll give you a cookie.''Yo mama is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.Q: Why did the blonde keep taking off and putting the Pepsi bottle cap back on? 
A: Because it said, ''Sorry, try again.''Yo mama so short, she did a suicide jump off of the curb.Your IQ is so low, you have to dig for it!At a restaurant, one of the customers noticed that all of the waiters had two spoons in their vest pockets. Upon being asked, one waiter said, "We see that the most frequently dropped silverware are spoons, therefore we keep them for replacement." 
Then the customer noticed that a string was hanging out of all the waiters' flies and asked what the string was for. "The string is for us to go to the bathroom," explained the waiter, "that way, when we pull it, it shoots and aims right away. Then we don't have to stop to wash our hands." 

The customer asked, "Well, that's how you get it out, but how do you get it back in?" 

The waiter whispered confidentially, "I don't know about the others, but I use the two spoons."It was so cold today I saw a lawyer with his hands in his own pockets.How did the redneck die drinking milk? 
The cow sat on him!Two nuns are ordered to paint a room in the convent, and the last instruction of the Mother Superior is that they must not get even a drop of paint on their habits.

After conferring about this for a while, the two nuns decide to lock the door of the room, strip off their habits, and paint in the nude. In the middle of the project, there comes a knock at the door.

"Who is it?" calls one of the nuns. 

"Blind man," replies a voice from the other side of the door.

The two nuns look at each other and shrug, and, deciding that no harm can come from letting a blind man into the room, they open the door.
"Nice gazongas," says the man, "where do you want these blinds?"Opinions are like assholes. Everyone has one, and everyone elses' stinks.What is the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral? 
One less drunk.(I know some people may not consider this a joke but it is still funny, the results at the bottom are funny to! ENJOY!)

Intelligence Test Instructions: 


Write each of your answers down, it makes a difference! You will be allowed 10 minutes to complete the test. Write your answers in the spaces provided. Are you ready? What is the time? 

Start. 


1) Some months have 30 days,some months have 31 days. How many months have 28 days? ____________________ 

2) If a doctor gives you 3 pills and tells you to take one pill every half hour, how long would it be before all the pills had been taken? ____________________ 

3) I went to bed at eight o'clock in the evening and wound up my clock and set the alarm to sound at nine o'clock in the morning. How many hours sleep would I get before being awoken by the alarm? ____________________ 

4) Divide 30 by half and add ten.  What do you get?____________________ 

5) A farmer had 17 sheep. All but 9 died. How many live sheep were left? ___________________ 

6)  If you had only one match and entered a COLD and DARK room, where there was an oil heater, an oil lamp and a candle, which would you light first? ____________________ 

7) A man builds a house with four sides of rectangular construction, each side having a southern exposure. A big bear comes along. What color is the bear? ____________________ 

8) Take 2 apples from 3 apples. What do you have? ___________________ 

9) How many animals of each species did Moses take with him in the Ark? ____________________ 

10) If you drove a bus with 43 people on board from Chicago and stopped at Pittsburgh to pick up 7 more people and drop off 5 passengers and at Cleveland to drop off 8 passengers and pick up 4 more and eventually arrive at Philadelphia 20 hours later, what's the name of the driver? ____________________ 

Answers in the following article - no cheating now! GOOD LUCK! 

Answers:
1) All of them. Every month has at least 28 days.
2) 1 hour. If you take a pill at 1 o'clock, then another at 1:30 and the last at 2 o'clock,they will be taken in 1 hour.
3) 1 hour. It is a wind up alarm clock which cannot discriminate between a.m. and p.m.
4) 70. Dividing by half is the same as multiplying by 2.
5) 9 live sheep.
6) The match.
7) White. If all walls face south, the house must be on the North Pole.
8) 2 apples. I HAVE 3 APPLES, YOU TAKE 2, WHAT DO YOU HAVE?
9) None. It was Noah, not Moses.
10) YOU are the driver.


Grading Scale (out of 10)
8+: Engineer
7: Student
6: High school pupil
5: Primary school pupil
4: Teacher
3: College lecturer
2: University lecturer
1: Member of CongressHow do you tell that a blonde has been at a computer?

There is lipstick on the joy stick!There was a man who had worked all of his life, had saved all of his money, and was a real miser when it came to his money. Just before he died, he said to his wife, "When I die, I want you to take all my money and put it in the casket with me. I want to take my money to the afterlife with me." 
And so he got his wife to promise him with all of her heart that when he died, she would put all of the money in the casket with him. 
Well, he died. He was stretched out in the casket, his wife was sitting there in black, and her friend was sitting next to her. When they finished the ceremony, just before the undertakers got ready to close the casket, the wife said, "Wait just a minute!' She had a box with her,she came over with the box and put it in the casket. Then the undertakers locked the casket down, and they rolled it away. 
So her friend said, "Girl, I know you weren't fool enough to put all that money in there with your husband." She said, "Listen, I'm a Christian, I can't go back on my word. I promised him that I was going to put that money in that casket with him." 
"You mean to tell me you put that money in the casket with him?" 
"I sure did," said the wife. "I wrote him a cheque. If he can cash it, he can spend it."1. Garbage bags do not make good parachutes. 

2. A 3-year-old is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant. 

3. If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades, they can ignite. 

4. If you hook a dog leash over a ceiling fan, the motor is not strong enough to rotate a 42-pound boy wearing Batman underwear and a superman cape. It is strong enough, however, to spread paint on all four walls of a large room. 

5. When using the ceiling fan as a baseball bat, you have to throw the ball up a few times before you get a hit. A ceiling fan can hit a baseball a long way. 

6. The glass in windows (even double pane) doesn't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan. 

7. When you hear the toilet flush and the words "Uh-oh," it's already too late. 

8. Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke, and lots of it. 

9. A six-year-old can start a fire with a flint rock even though a 36-year-old man says they can only do it in the movies. A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day. 

10. Certain Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a six-year-old. 

11. "Play-Doh" and "microwave" should never be used in the same sentence. 

12. Super glue is forever. 

13. No matter how much Jell-O you put in a swimming pool you still can't walk on water. 

14. Pool filters do not like Jell-O. 

15. VCRs do not eject PB&J sandwiches even though TV commercials show they do. 

16. A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2000 sq. foot house 4 inches deep. 

17. Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise in a moving car. 

18. You probably do not want to know what that odor is. 

19. Always look in the oven before you turn it on. Plastic toys do not like ovens. 

20. The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earthworms dizzy. It will, however, make cats dizzy. 

21. Cats spit up twice their body weight when dizzy.Q: Why does a blonde nurse carry around a red pen? 
A: To draw blood.Yo momma's so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her.How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree? 
Wave!Two doctors are in the hallway complaining about nurse Nancy. ''She's out of control!'' the first doctor says. ''She does everything backwards. Just last week I told her to give a man two milligrams of morphine every ten hours. Instead, she gave him 10 milligrams every two hours. He almost died!'' 

''That's nothing,'' said the second doctor, "earlier this week I told her to give a man an enema every 24 hours. Instead she tried to give him 24 enemas in one hour!'' 

All of a sudden they heard a blood curldling scream from down the hallway. 

''OH MY GOD! I just realized that I told nurse Nancy to prick Mr. Smiths boil!'''A newlywed couple had just arrived in their honeymoon suite. After unpacking, the husband took off his pants. ''Put these on,'' he said to his wife. 
She did and they were nearly twice her size. ''There's no way I can wear these. They're too big,'' she said. 

''Good, now you know who wears the pants in this family.'' 

Flustered, the wife takes off her panties and gives them to her husband. ''Put these on,'' she commands. 

The husband looks at the small pair of panties and says, ''There's no way I can get into these.'' 

To which the wife replied, ''You're right about that until you change your attitude.''This is an actual job application!

NAME: Greg Bulmash 

DESIRED POSITION: Reclining. HA But seriously, whatever's available. If I was in a position to be picky, I wouldn't be applying here in the first place. 

DESIRED SALARY: $185,000 a year plus stock options and a Michael Ovitz style severance package. If that's not possible make an offer and we can haggle. 

EDUCATION: Yes. 

LAST POSITION HELD: Target for middle management hostility. 

SALARY: Less than I'm worth. 

MOST NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENT: My incredible collection of stolen pens and post-it notes. 

REASON FOR LEAVING: It sucked. 

HOURS AVAILABLE TO WORK: Any. 

PREFERRED HOURS: 1:30-3:30 p.m., Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. 

DO YOU HAVE ANY SPECIAL SKILLS?: Yes, but they're better suited to a more intimate environment. 

MAY WE CONTACT YOUR CURRENT EMPLOYER?: If I had one, would I be here? 

DO YOU HAVE A CAR?: I think the more appropriate question here would be "Do you have a car that runs?" 

HAVE YOU RECEIVED ANY SPECIAL AWARDS OR RECOGNITION?: I may already be a winner of the Publishers Clearinghouse Sweepstakes. 

DO YOU SMOKE?: Only when set on fire. 

WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE DOING IN FIVE YEARS?: Living in the Bahamas with a fabulously wealthy super model who thinks I'm the greatest thing since sliced bread. Actually, I'd like to be doing that now. 

DO YOU CERTIFY THAT THE ABOVE IS TRUE AND COMPLETE TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE?: No, but I dare you to prove otherwise.A teenager comes home from school with a writing assignment. He asks his father for help. "Dad, can you tell me the difference between potential and reality?"

His father looks up, thoughtfully, and then says, "I'll display it to you. Go ask your mother if she would sleep with Robert Redford for a million dollars. Then go ask your sister if she would sleep with Brad Pitt for a million dollars. Then come back and tell me what you've learned."

The kid is puzzled, but he decides to see if he can figure out what his father means. He asks his mother, "Mom, if someone gave you a million dollars, would you sleep with Robert Redford?" His
mother looks around slyly, and then with a little smile on her face says, "Don't tell your father, but, yes, I would."

Then he goes to his sister's room and asks her, "Sis, if someone gave you a million dollars, would you sleep with Brad Pitt?" His sister looks up and says, "Omigod! Definitely!"

The kid goes back to his father and says, "Dad, I think I've figured it out. Potentially, we're sitting on two million bucks, but in reality, we're living with a couple of sluts."A man asked God how much a million dollars was to him.
God replied, "Oh, about one penny."
Then the man asked how much an eternity was to him.
God replied, "Oh, about a second."
Then the man asked. "Can I have a million dollars and live an eternal life?"
God replied, "Sure, just wait a sec."One day in summer, Jack was going to visit his friend John. When he got to his house, he saw John, who was dressed in his warmest winter coats. 
"What are you doing? Are you nuts? It's the middle of summer!" cried Jack. 

"I am painting my house. And on the can, it says you must put two coats on."A husband and wife had four boys. The odd part of it was that the older three had red hair, light skin, and were tall, while the youngest son had black hair, dark eyes, and was short. 
The father eventually took ill and was lying on his deathbed when he turned to his wife and said, "Honey, before I die, be totally honest with me - is our youngest son my child?" 

The wife replied, "I swear on everything that's holy that he is your son." 

With that the husband passed away. The wife then muttered, "Thank God he didn't ask about the other three."George W. Bush was out jogging one morning when he tripped, fell over a bridge railing and landed in the creek below. 
Before the Secret Service guys could get to him, three kids who were fishing, pulled him out of the water. He was so grateful he offered the kids whatever they wanted. 

The first kid said, "I sure would like to go to Disneyland." George said, "No problem. I'll take you there on Air Force One." 

The second kid said, "I really need a new pair of Nike Air Jordan's." George said, "I'll get them for you and even have Michael sign them!" 

The third kid said, "I want a motorized wheelchair with a built-in TV and stereo headset!!" George Bush is a little perplexed by this and says, "But you don't look like you are injured." 

The kid says, "I will be after my dad finds out I saved your ass from drowning!"What did the baby lightbulb say to his mother?
I wuv you watts and watts!Yo' Mama's teeth are so yellow, her tonsils have to wear sunglasses.A frog goes into a bank, and hops up on the desk of the loan officer. ''Hi,'' he croaks.''What's your name?'' 
The loan officer says, ''My name is John Paddywack. May I help you?'' 

''Yeah,'' says the frog. ''I'd like to borrow some money.'' 

The loan officer finds this a little odd, but gets out a form. ''Okay,what's your name?'' 

The frog replies, ''Kermit Jagger.'' 

''Really?'' says the loan officer. ''Any relation to Mick Jagger?'' 

''Yeah, he's my dad.'' 

''Hmmm,'' says the loan officer. ''Do you have any collateral?'' 

The frog hands over a pink ceramic elephant and asks, ''Will this do?'' 

The loan officer says, ''Um, I'm not sure. Let me go check with the bank manager.'' 

''Oh, tell him I said hi,'' adds the frog. ''He knows me.'' 

The loan officer goes back to the manager and says, ''Excuse me, sir, but there's a frog out there named Kermit Jagger who wants to borrow some money. All he has for collateral is this pink elephant thing; I'm not even sure what it is.'' 

The manager says: ''It's a knick-knack, Paddywack, give the frog a loan; his old man's a Rolling Stone.''Yo mama is so dumb she brought toilet paper to a craps game.A blonde with two burnt ears went to the doctor, who asked what had happened. 
"The phone rang, and I accidentally picked up the iron." 

"What about the other one?" 

"They called back."Q. What happens when you cross a Bulldog with a Shih tzu? 
A. You get Bullshit.What is a blonde's mating call?


NEXT!!!!!!!!Three couples went in to see the minister to see how to become members of his church. The minister said that they would have to go without sex for two weeks and then come back and tell him how it went. 
The first couple was retired, the second couple was middle-aged and the final couple was newlywed. 

Two weeks went by, and the couples returned to the minister. The retired couple said it was no problem at all. The middle-aged couple said it was tough for the first week, but after that, it was no problem. The newlyweds said it was fine until she dropped the can of paint. 

"Can of PAINT!" exclaimed the minister. 

"Yeah," said the newlywed man. "She dropped the can and when she bent over to pick it up I had to have her right there and then. Lust took over." 

The minister just shook his head and said that they were not welcome in the church. 

"That's okay," said the man. "We're not welcome in Home Depot either."Yo mama so ugly when she threw a boomerang it never came back!A little boy is gone to school one day and while he is gone, his cat gets killed. His mother is very concerned about how he will take the news. Upon his arrival home, she explains the tragedy and tries to console the boy saying, "But don't worry, the cat is in heaven with God now." 

To which the boy replied, "What's God gonna' do with a dead cat?"Thou shall not jump onto the keyboard when thy human is on the modem. 

Thou shall not pull the phone cord out of the back of the modem. 

Thou shall not unroll all of the toilet paper off the roll. 

Thou shall not sit in front of the television or computer monitor as thou are not transparent. 

Thou shall not walk in on a dinner party and commence licking thy behind. 

Thou shall not lie down with thy behind in thy human's face. 

Fast as thou are, thou cannot run through closed doors. 

Thou shall not reset thy human's alarm clock by walking on it. 

Thou shall not climb on the garbage can with the hinged lid, as thee will fall in and trap thyself. 

Thou shall not jump onto the toilet seat just as thy human is sitting down. 

Thou shall realize that the house is not a prison from which to escape at any opportunity. 

Thou shall not trip thy humans even if they are walking too slow. 

Thou shall not push open the bathroom door when there are guests in thy house. 

Thou shall remember that thou are a carnivore and that houseplants are not meat. 

Thou shall show remorse when being scolded.A guy's on the electric chair. The warden's just about to pull the switch, when the guy gets the hiccups. The warden says, "Do you have any last requests?" The guy says, "(hic) Yeah... (hic) could you please do (hic) could you please do something to scare me?"A brunette, a redhead and a blonde went to an ice cream parlor together. The brunette went up and asked for a Dr. Pepper float with no ice cream. The counter man was confused, but gave her a Dr. Pepper float with no ice cream. 
The redhead went up and asked for a single dip of vanilla ice cream with Pepsi poured over it. The man was really confused now. But he gave the redhead her order. 

The blonde was listening to the other two women and thought that she should have a ''special order'' too. So she went up and asked for an extra-large root beer, but hold the roots.Two blondes are walking down the road when one says ''Look at that dog with one eye!'' 
The other blonde covers one of her eyes and says ''Where?''A couple had been married for a long time, but could never get along very well. Many times, late at night, there would be screams and shouts from their house. 
The old man often screamed these words at her in public, "I'm sick and tired of you! When I die, I will come out of my grave to haunt you!" 

The old guy started practicing black magic. All the disappearances in the neighborhood of cats, dogs and people were blamed on him. 

At the age of 80 the old guy died, and his wife put him in a casket. Later that night, she went to a bar and partied as if there was no tomorrow. Her neighbor asked her, "Aren't you scared that the old guy will dig up and haunt you?" 

The old lady calmly replied, "Eh, let him keep digging. I put the casket in face down."Six Most Important Men in a Woman's Life  

THE DOCTOR, because he says, "Take your clothes off." 
THE DENTIST, because he says, "Open wide." 
THE HAIRDRESSER, because he says, "Do you want them teased or blown?" 
THE MILKMAN, because he says, "Do you want it in the back or in the front?" 
THE INTERIOR DECORATOR, because he says, "Once it's in you'll love it." 
THE BANKER, because he says, "If you take it out too soon you'll lose interest."10. I think of you as a brother. Translation: You remind me of that inbred banjo-playing geek in 'Deliverance.' 
9. There's a slight difference in our ages. Translation: I don't want to do my dad. 

8. I'm not attracted to you in 'that' way. Translation: You are the ugliest dork I've ever laid eyes on. 

7. My life is too complicated right now. Translation: I don't want you spending the whole night or else you may hear phone calls from all the other guys I'm seeing. 

6. I've got a boyfriend. Translation: I prefer my male cat and a half gallon of Ben and Jerry's. 

5. I don't date men where I work. Translation: I wouldn't date you if you were in the same solar system, much less the same building. 

4. It's not you, it's me. Translation: It's you. 

3. I'm concentrating on my career. Translation: Even something as boring and unfulfilling as my job is better than dating you. 

2. I'm celibate. Translation: I've sworn off only the men like you. 

1. Let's be friends. Translation: I want you to stay around so I can tell you in excruciating detail about all the other men I meet and have sex with. It's the male perspective thing. 

Top 10 Male Rejection Lines (Translated!) 

10. I think of you as a sister. Translation: You're ugly. 

9. There's a slight difference in our ages. Translation: You're ugly. 

8. I'm not attracted to you in 'that' way. Translation: You're ugly. 

7. My life is too complicated right now. Translation: You're ugly. 

6. I've got a girlfriend. Translation: You're ugly. 

5. I don't date women where I work. Translation: You're ugly. 

4. It's not you, it's me. Translation: You're ugly. 

3. I'm concentrating on my career. Translation: You're ugly. 

2. I'm celibate. Translation: You're ugly. 

1. Let's be friends. Translation: You're sinfully ugly.Yo mama's so dumb, she drowned during the wave at the football stadium.As an airplane is about to crash, a female passenger jumps up frantically and announces, "If I'm going to die, I want to die feeling like a woman."

She removes all her clothing and asks, "Is there someone on this plane who is man enough to make me feel like a woman?"

A man stands up, removes his shirt and says, "Here, iron this!".How are women and a tornado alike?

They both moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.Ben Dover
Mike Hunt
Phil McCrackin
Ajock Strap
Anita Cock
Ipe Freely
Seymour ButtesHER DIARY 
Sunday night - I thought he was acting weird. We had made plans to meet at a bar to have a drink. I was shopping with my friends all day long, so I thought he was upset at the fact that I was a bit late, but he made no comment. 

Conversation wasn't flowing so I suggested that we go somewhere quiet so we could talk, he agreed but he kept quiet and absent. 

I asked him what was wrong - he said, "Nothing." 

I asked him if it was my fault that he was upset. He said it had nothing to do with me and not to worry. 

On the way home I told him that I loved him, he simply smiled and kept driving. 

I can't explain his behavior; I don't know why he didn't say, "I love you, too." 

When we got home I felt as if I had lost him, as if he wanted nothing to do with me anymore. 

He just sat there and watched TV.; he seemed distant and absent. 

Finally I decided to go to bed. About 10 minutes later he came to bed and to my surprise he responded to my caress and we made love, but I still felt that he was distracted and his thoughts were somewhere else. 

I decided that I could not take it any more, so I decided to confront him with the situation but he had fallen asleep. 

I started crying and cried until I too fell asleep. 

I don't know what to do. I'm almost sure that his thoughts are with someone else. 

My life is a disaster. 

HIS DIARY 

Today the Yankees lost, but at least I got laid.A little boy is leaving school at the end of the day. As he strolls along the sidewalk, a car pulls up to the curb, and a man winds down the window. 

"Hey, kid, I've got candy in my car. Hop in and I'll give it to you." 

"No. I'm not going to." The boy walks on. Further down the road, the car pulls over again. 

"Hey there kid, if you get in my car, I'll give you all this candy, and a big bottle of cola. How about it?" 

"No way! Now leave me alone!" The boy walks on, quickening his pace. The car again pulls over beside him. 

"Look, kid, I've got a puppy at home you'd love to see. Get in and I'll take you there. You can have all the candy and the cola on the way. What d'you say to that?" 

The boy is getting agitated. He stops walking, and leans down to the car window. 

"Look, I don't care what you promise me Dad. I'm NOT riding in your Lada!"-This afternoon there will be a meeting in the South and North ends of the church. Children will be baptized at both ends. 

-Tuesday at 4 P.M. there will be an ice cream social. Will ladies giving milk, please come early. 

-Wednesday the Ladies Literary Society will meet. Mrs. Johns will sing "Put Me In My Little Bed" accompanied by the Pastor. 

-Thursday at 5 P.M. there will be a meeting of the Little Mothers Club. All wishing to become Little Mothers will please meet the Minister in his study. 

-This being Easter Sunday, we will ask Mrs. Jackson to come forward and lay an egg on the altar. 

-The service will close with "Little Drops of Water." One of the ladies will start quietly and the rest of the congregation will join her. 

-On Sunday a special collection will be taken to defray the expenses of the new carpeting. All wishing to do something on the carpet, please come forward and get a piece of paper. 

-The ladies of the Church have cast off clothing of every kind. They may be seen in the basement on Friday afternoon. 

-This evening at 7 P.M. there will be a hymn sing in the park across from the Church. Bring a blanket and come prepared to sin.A woman went to a pet shop and immediately spotted a large, beautiful  parrot. There was a sign on the cage that read $50. 

"Why so little?" she asked the pet store owner. 

The owner looked at her and said, "Look, I should tell you first ... that this bird used to live in a house of  prostitution, and sometimes he says some pretty vulgar stuff." 

The woman thought about this, but decided she had to have the bird anyway. She  took it home and hung the bird's cage up in her living room, and waited for it to say something. 

The bird carefully looked around the room, then it looked at her and said, "New house ... new madam." The woman was a bit shocked at the implication, but then thought, "That's not so bad."

 When her two teenage daughters returned from school the parrot looked at both of them, and said, "New house ... new madam ... new hookers." 

The girls were at first a bit offended, but then began to laugh about the whole situation. She then began to think about how to explain this to  Keith, her husband. 

Moments later, the woman's husband came home from  work. Before he had time to close the door, the bird took one look at him and said, "Hi Keith."As a painless way to save money, a young couple arranged that every time they have sex the husband puts his pocket change into a china piggy bank on the bedside table. One night while being unusually athletic, he accidentally knocked the piggy bank onto the floor where it smashes.

To his surprise, among the masses of coins, there are handfuls of five and ten dollar bills. He asks his wife "What's up with all the notes?", to his wife which replies, "Well, not everyone is as cheap as you are."A husband and wife want to take golf lessons from a pro at a local country club. The man and woman meet the pro and head onto the driving range. The man goes up to hit first. He swings and hits the ball 100 yards. The golf pro says not bad. 

Golf pro: "Now hold the club as firm as you hold your wife's breasts". The man follows instructions and hits the ball 300 yards. 

The golf pro says "Excellent!" Now the woman takes her turn. Her ball goes 30 yards. 

Golfpro: "Not bad, try holding the club like you hold your husbands dick." She swings and the ball goes 10 yards. 

Golfpro: "Not bad, but now try taking the club out of your mouth and hit the ball."Two drunks get thrown out of the bar and are walking down the street when they come across this dog, sitting on the curb, licking his balls. 

They stand there watching and after a while one of them says, "I sure wish I could do that!"

The other one looks at him and says, "Well, I think I'd pet him first."Two old drunks in a bar. The first one says, "Ya know, when I was 30 and got a hard-on, I couldn't bend it with either of my hands. By the time I was 40, I could bend it about 10 degrees if I tried really hard. "By the time I was 50, I could bend it about 20 degrees, no problem. I'm gonna be 60 next week, and now I can almost bend it in half with just one hand" "So," says the second drunk, "what's your point?" "Well," says the first, "I'm just wondering how much stronger I'm gonna get!"The local bar was so sure that its bartender was the strongest man around that they offered a standing $1000 bet. The bartender would squeeze a lemon until all the juice ran into a glass, and hand the lemon to a patron. Anyone who could squeeze one more drop of juice out would win the money. Many people had tried over time (weight-lifters, longshoremen, etc.) but nobody could do it.

One day, this scrawny little man came into the bar, wearing thick glasses and a polyester suit, and said in a tiny squeaky voice, "I'd like to try the bet." After the laughter had died down, the bartender said OK, grabbed a lemon, and squeezed away, then he handed the wrinkled remains of the rind to the little man.

But the crowd's laughter turned to total silence as the man clenched his fist around the lemon and six drops fell into the glass. As the crowd cheered, the bartender paid the $1000, and asked the little man, "What do you do for a living? Are you a lumberjack, a weight-lifter, or what?" The man replied, "I work for the IRS."A preacher goes into a bar and says "Anybody who wants to go to heaven, stand up." Everybody stands up except for a drunk in the corner. The preacher says "My son, don't you want to go to heaven when you die?" The drunk says "When I die? Sure. I thought you were taking a load up now."After a heavy night at the pub, a drunken man decides to sleep off his drunkenness at a local hotel. He approaches the reception desk, takes care of the formalities and heads off to his suite. Several minutes later, the drunk staggers back to the reception desk and demands his room be changed. "But sir," said the clerk, "you have the best room in the hotel." "I insist on another room!!!" said the drunk. "Very good, sir. I'll change you from 502 to 525. Would you mind telling me why you don't like 502?" asked the clerk. "Well, for one thing," said the drunk, "it's on fire."A woman had two female parrots who were always yelling, "We're prostitutes, wanna have a little fun?" 

One day, she was talking to her Preacher about this. He said he had two male parrots and all they did was read the Bible. He thought perhaps they would be a good influence on the two females. 

So they put the four parrots together. So, the females yelled at the male parrots, "We're prostitutes, wanna have a little fun?" One male parrot said to the other, "Put the Bibles away! We've made it to heaven!"On her way home from a long trip, a blonde drove past a sign that said "CLEAN RESTROOMS 8 MILES". By the time she drove eight miles, she had cleaned 43 restrooms.The captain called the sergeant in. "Sarge, I just got a telegram that Private Jones' mother died yesterday. Better go tell him and send him in to see me." 

So the sergeant calls for his morning formation and lines up all the troops. "Listen up, men," says the sergeant. "Johnson, report to the mess hall for KP. Smith, report to Personnel to sign some papers. The rest of you men report to the Motor Pool for maintenance. Oh, by the way, Jones, your mother died, report to the commander." 

Later that day the captain called the sergeant into his office. "Hey, Sarge, that was a pretty cold way to inform Jones his mother died. Couldn't you be a bit more tactful next time?" 

"Yes, sir," answered the sarge. 

A few months later, the captain called the sergeant in again with, "Sarge, I just got a telegram that Private McGrath's mother died. You'd better go tell him and send him in to see me. This time be more tactful." 

So the sergeant calls for his morning formation. "Ok, men, fall in and listen up. Everybody with a mother, take two steps forward. Not so fast, McGrath!"A dentist, after completing work on a patient, came to him begging.

Dentist: Could you help me? Could you give out a few of your loudest, most painful screams?

Patient: Why? Doctor, it wasn't all that bad this time.

Dentist: There are so many people in the waiting room right now, and I don't want to miss the four o'clock ball game.A grasshopper walks into a bar.

The bartender smiles and says "Hey, ya know we have a drink named after you!"

The grasshopper stops and says "Really?  You have a drink called Steve?"Borrow money from a pessimist---They don't expect it back.A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.Where does Superman's goldfish live ?



In the superbowl....Where does Batman's goldfish live ?


In the BAT-TUB!! ahahaha...There was an foreign man who knew a little english and lived in a hotel. One day he told the waitress "I wanta fuck" the waitress said "what!!!" I wanta fuck, I wanta fuck on the table." The waitress answered and said "you better not you son of a bitch" so the waitress left mad and never gave him a fork. The next day he went to the manager and said "I wanta shit" the manager said "what!!!" "I wanta shit, I wanta shit on my bed" the manager answered "you  better not you son of a bitch" and he never got the sheet he wanted.An Irish man walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and notices he has a steering wheel stuck down the front of his pants. "Hey," he says, "What's with the steering wheel down your pants?" "Ach," says the Irish man, "it's drivin' me nuts!"Two old people, a man and a woman, walk into a hospital. The doctor says to the old man, "I'll need a urine sample, a feces sample, and a blood sample." The old man says, "What?" So the doctor says it again. Once again the old man says, "what?" So the doctor yells it, "I NEED A URINE SAMPLE, A FECES SAMPLE, AND A BLOOD SAMPLE!" With that the old woman turns to the old man and says, "He needs a pair of your underwear!"A man was driving down an Alaskan road and his car broke down. He phoned the Alaskan Mobile Fixit Service and they arrived shortly after. He service man opened the bonnet and after a while the repair man said " It looks like you've blown a seal ", the man replies "No, it's just frost on my moustache."What do you call a fly without wings?

A walk.Two atoms are walking down the street when one atom says to the other, "I think I lost an electron."

The other atom says "Are you sure?"

"Yeah I'm positive!"What do you call a pretty woman in Poland?


A touristWhat is worst tasting, a bag of onions or porkloaf?                                                              

Porkloaf,  why? 

Because porkloaf spelled backwards is faolkrop which sounds like fowl crap.10. Hey! Now there's a gift! 

9. Well, well, well... 

8. Boy, if I had not recently shot up 4 sizes that would've fit. 

7. This is perfect for wearing around the basement. 

6. Gosh. I hope this never catches fire! It is fire season though. There are lots of unexplained fires. 

5. If the dog buries it, I'll be furious! 

4. I love it - but I fear the jealousy it will inspire. 

3. Sadly, tomorrow I enter the Federal Witness Protection Program. 

2. To think I got this the year I vowed to give all my gifts to charity. 

1. I really don't deserve this10. Can I pull my car in your garage? I'm not sure how long that cop car will stay lost.

9. There ain't nothing that beats that great feeling of knowing your HIV test results are negative! I bet Sara's will be okay too.

8. Nice place you got here. That painting looks expensive. I bet a nice home like this came with a safe already built in, didn't it?

7. Sara is so pretty I've decided to give up being bisexual just for her.

6. Those home pregnancy kits aren't very reliable in my opinion.

5. We're going to keep our relationship quiet for now. My wife can be rather vindictive at times.

4. Can you believe it! Those shit heads at the corner market won't cash my welfare check!

3. Which one of you taught Sara to give such great head?

2. Did you see that saucer that flew over town yesterday?

1. My parole officer thinks Sara has a calming effect on me.UPDATED EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK

DRESS CODE 
It is advised that you come to work dressed according to your salary. If we see you wearing $350 Prada sneakers, and carrying a $600 Gucci Bag, we assume you are doing well financially and therefore you do not need a raise. If you dress poorly, you need to learn to manage your money better, so that you may buy nicer clothes, and therefore you do not need a raise. If you dress in-between, you are right where you need to be and therefore you do not need a raise.

SICK DAYS
We will no longer accept a doctor's statement as proof of sickness. If you are able to go to the doctor, you are able to come to work. 

PERSONAL DAYS
Each employee will receive 104 personal days a year. They are called Saturday & Sunday. 

BEREAVEMENT LEAVE
This is no excuse for missing work. There is nothing you can do for dead friends, relatives or co-workers. Every effort should be made to have non-employees attend to the arrangements. In rare cases where employee involvement is necessary, the funeral should be scheduled in the late afternoon. We will be glad to allow you to work through your lunch hour and subsequently leave one hour early.

RESTROOM USE
Entirely too much time is being spent in the restroom. There is now a strict 3 minute time limit in the stalls. At the end of three minutes, an alarm will sound, the toilet paper roll will retract, the stall door will open and a picture will be taken. After your second offense, your picture will be posted on the company bulletin board under the "Chronic Offenders" category.

LUNCH BREAK
Skinny people get 30 minutes for lunch as they need to eat more, so that they can look healthy. Normal size people get 15 minutes for lunch to get a balanced meal to maintain their average figure. Fat people get 5 minutes for lunch, because that's all the time needed to drink a Slim Fast.

Thank you for your loyalty to our company. We are here to provide a positive employment experience. Therefore, all questions, comments, concerns, complaints, frustrations, irritations, aggravations, insinuations, allegations, accusations, contemplations, consternation, and input should be directed elsewhere. 

Have a nice week!

THE MANAGEMENTA man lay sprawled across three entire seats in the posh theatre. When the usher came by and noticed this, he whispered to the man, "Sorry, sir, but you're only allowed one seat." The man groaned but didn't budge. The usher became impatient. "Sir, if you don't get up from there I'm going to have to call the manager." Again, the man just groaned, which infuriated the usher who turned and marched briskly back up the aisle in search of his manager.

In a few moments, both the usher and the manager returned and stood over the man. Together the two of them tried repeatedly to move him, but with no success. Finally, they summoned the police. The cop surveyed the situation briefly then asked, "All right buddy, what's your name?" "Sam," the man moaned. "Where ya from, Sam?" With pain in his voice Sam replied "The balcony."Your mom's so fat, I have to take a bus a train and a cab just to get on her good side.Your mom's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.Your mother's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant she looks at the menu and says, "OK"!A policeman was patrolling a local parking spot overlooking a golf course. He drove by a car and saw a couple inside with the dome light on. There was a young man in the driver's seat reading a computer magazine and a young lady in the back seat knitting. He stopped to investigate. He walked up to the driver's window and knocked. The young man looked up, cranked the window down, and said, "Yes, Officer?"

"What are you doing?" the policeman asked. "What does it look like?" answered the young man. "I'm reading this magazine." Pointing towards the young lady in the back seat, the officer then asked, "And what is she doing?" The young man looked over his shoulder and replied, "What does it look like? She's knitting."

"And how old are you?" the officer then asked the young man. "I'm nineteen," he replied. "And how old is she?" asked the officer. The young man looked at his watch and said, "Well, in about twelve minutes she'll be sixteen."A woman was trying hard to get the catsup to come out of the bottle. During her struggle the phone rang so she asked her four-year-old daughter to answer the phone. "It's the minister, Mommy," the child said to her mother. Then she added, "Mommy can't come to the phone right now. She's hitting the bottle."While proudly showing off his new apartment to friends, a college student led the way into the den. "What is the big brass gong and hammer for?" one of his friends asked. "That is the talking clock," the man replied. "How's it work?"

"Watch," the man said and proceeded to give the gong an ear shattering pound with the hammer. Suddenly, someone screamed from the other side of the wall, "Knock it off, you idiot! It's two o'clock in the morning!"A young bride and groom-to-be had just selected their wedding rings. As the young lady admired the plain platinum and diamond band she had chosen for herself, she suddenly looked concerned.
"Tell me," she asked the rather elderly salesman, "is there anything special I'll have to do to take care of this ring?"
With a fatherly smile, the salesman said, "One of the best ways to protect a wedding ring is to soak it in dishwater."The young clerk's responsibilities included bringing the judge a hot cup of coffee at the start of every day. Each morning the judge was enraged that the coffee cup arrived two-thirds full. The clerk explained that he had to rush to get the coffee delivered while it was still hot, which caused him to spill much of it along the way.

None of the judge's yelling and insults produced a full cup of coffee, until he finally threatened to cut the clerk's pay by one-third if he continued to produce one-third less than the judge wanted. The next morning he was greeted with a cup of coffee that was full to the brim, and the next morning and the morning after that.

The judge couldn't resist gloating over his success and smugly complimented the clerk on his new technique. "Oh, there's not much to it," admitted the clerk happily, "I take some coffee in my mouth right outside the coffee room, and spit it back in when I get outside your office."One day a girl brings home her boyfriend and tells her father she wants to marry him. After talking to him for  while, he tells his daughter she can't do it because he's her half brother. The same problem happens again four more times! The girl starts to get pissed off. She goes to her mom and says, "Mom... What have you been doing all your life? Dad's been going around laying every maiden in the town and now I can't marry any of the five guys I like because they have turned out to be my half brothers!!!"

Her mom replies, "Don't worry darling, you can marry any one of them you want, he isn't really your dad."The widow takes a look at her dear departed one right before the funeral and, to her horror, finds that he's in his brown suit. She'd specifically said to the undertaker that she wanted him buried in his blue suit; she'd brought it especially for that occasion, and she was distressed that the mortician had left him in the same brown suit he'd been wearing when the lightning bolt hit him.

She demanded that the corpse be changed into the blue suit she'd brought especially for that purpose. The undertaker said, "But madam! It's only a minute or two until the funeral is scheduled to begin! We can't possibly take him out and get him changed in that amount of time.

The lady said, "Who's paying for this?" Seeing the logic to this argument, a very reluctant mortician wheeled the coffin out, but then wheeled it right back in a moment later. Miraculously, the corpse was in a blue suit.

After the ceremony, a well-satisfied widow complimented the undertaker on the smooth and speedy service. She especially wanted to know how he'd been able to get her husband into a blue suit so fast. The funeral director said, "Oh, it was easy. It happens that there was another body in the back room and he was already dressed in a blue suit. All we had to do was switch heads!Once there was a millionaire, who collected live alligators. He kept them in the pool in back of his mansion. The millionaire also had a beautiful daughter who was single.

One day, the millionaire decides to throw a huge party, and during the party he announces, "My dear guests, I have a proposition to every man here. I will give one million dollars, or my daughter, to the man who can swim across this pool full of alligators and emerge unharmed!" As soon as he finished his last word, there was the sound of a large splash in the pool. The guy in the pool was swimming with all his might, and the crowd began to cheer him on. Finally, he made it to the other side of the pool unharmed.

The millionaire was impressed. He said, "That was incredible! Fantastic! I didn't think it could be done! Well, I must keep my end of the bargain. Do you want my daughter or the one million dollars?" The guy catches his breath, then says, "Listen, I don't want your money! And I don't want your daughter! I want the asshole who pushed me in the pool!"The teacher of the Earth Science class was lecturing on map reading. He spent the class explaining about latitude, longitude, degrees, and minutes. Towards the end of class, the teacher asked his students, "Suppose I asked you to meet me for lunch at 23 degrees, 4 minutes north latitude and 45 degrees, 15 minutes east longitude..." A student's voice broke the confused silence, and volunteered, "I guess you'd be eating alone, sir."There was a boy who worked in the produce section of a super market. A man came in and asked to buy half a head of lettuce. The boy told him that they only sold whole heads of lettuce, but the man replied that he did not need a whole head, only half. The boy explained that he would have to ask the manager and so he walked into the back room and said, "There is some jerk out there who wants to buy only a half a head of lettuce." As he finished saying this, he turned around to find the man standing right behind him, so he quickly added, "And this gentleman wants to buy the other half." The manager okayed the request and the man went on his way. Later on the manager said to the boy, "You almost got yourself in a lot of trouble earlier, but I must say I was impressed with the way you got out of it. You think on your feet and we like that around here. Where are you from, son?" The boy replied, "Minnesota, sir." "Oh, really? Why did you leave Minnesota?" inquired the manager. The boy replied, "They're all just whores and hockey players up there." "My wife is from Minnesota", exclaimed the manager. The boy instantly replied, "Really! What team did she play for?"A highly timid little man, ventured into a biker bar in the Bronx and clearing his throat asked, "Um, err, which of you gentlemen owns the Doberman tied outside to the parking meter?" 

A giant of a man, wearing biker leathers, his body hair growing out through the seams, turned slowly on his stool, looked down at the quivering little man and said, "It's my dog. Why?"

"Well," squeaked the little man, obviously very nervous, "I believe my dog just killed it, sir." 

"What?" roared the big man in disbelief. "What in the hell kind of dog do you have?" 

"Sir," answered the little man, "it's a little four week old female puppy." 

"Bull!" roared the biker, "how could your puppy kill my Doberman?" 

"It appears that your dog choked on her, sir."Two ducks walk into a bar...

One duck looks at the other and says "Guess you didn't see it either."A test-tube baby has a womb with a view.If a lawyer can be disbarred can a musician be denoted or a model deposed?A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories. 

After an hour, the manager came out of the office and asked them to disperse. 

"But why?" they asked, as they moved off. 

"Because," he said, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."These are real comments made by teachers on their student report cards:

1. Since my last report, your child has hit rock bottom and has started to dig. 

2. I would not allow this student to breed. 

3. Your child has delusions of adequacy. 

4. Your child is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot. 

5. Your son sets low personal standards and then consistently fails to achieve them. 

6. The student has a "full six-pack" but lacks the plastic thing to hold it all together. 

7. This child has been working with glue too much. 

8. When your daughter's IQ reaches 50, she should sell. 

9. The gates are down, the lights are flashing, but the train isn't coming. 

10. If this student were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week. 

11. It's impossible to believe the sperm that created this child beat out 1,000,000 others. 

12. The wheel is turning but the hamster is dead.One Christmas Eve, a frenzied young man ran into a pet shop looking for an unusual Christmas gift for his wife. The shop owner suggested a parrot, named Chet, which could sing famous Christmas carols. This seemed like the perfect gift. "How do I get him to sing?" the young man asked, excitedly. "Simply hold a lighted match directly under his feet," was the shop owner's reply. 

The shop owner held a lighted match under the parrot's left foot. Chet began to sing: "Jingle Bells! Jingle Bells! ..." The shop owner then held another match under the parrot's right foot. Then Chet's tune changed, and the air was filled with: " Silent Night, Holy Night..." 

The young man was so impressed that he paid the shop-keeper and ran home as quickly as he could with Chet under his arm. When the wife saw her gift she was overwhelmed. 

"How beautiful!" she exclaimed, "Can he talk?" "No," the young man replied, "but he can sing. Let me show you." So the young man whipped out his lighter and placed it under Chet's left foot, as the shop-keeper had shown him, and Chet crooned: "Jingle Bells! Jingle bells!..." The man then moved the lighter to Chet's right foot, and out came: "Silent Night, Holy night..." 

The wife, her face filled with curiosity, then asked, "What if we hold the lighter between his legs?" The man did not know. "Let's try it," he answered, eager to please his wife. So they held the lighter between Chet's legs.

Chet twisted his face, cleared his throat, and the little parrot sang out loudly like it was the performance of his life: "Chet's nuts roasting on an open fire...."An Irish man walks into a pub. The bartender asks him, "what'll you have?" The man says, "Give me three pints of Guinness please." 
So the bartender brings him three pints and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third until they're gone. He then orders three more. 

The bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold. You don't have to order three at a time. I can keep an eye on it and when you get low I'll bring you a fresh cold one." 

The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the States. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three Guinness Stouts too, and we're drinking together. 

The bartender thought that was a wonderful tradition. Every week the man came in and ordered three beers. Then one week he came in and ordered only two. He drank them and then ordered two more. 

The bartender said to him, "I know what your tradition is, and I'd just like to say that I'm sorry that one of your brothers died." 

The man said, "Oh, me brothers are fine - I just quit drinking."A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink. After a few more he needs to go to the can. He doesn't want anyone to steal his drink, so he puts a sign on it saying, "I spat in this beer, do not drink!" After a few minutes he returns and there is another sign next to his beer saying, "So did I!"Your mama so fat that when she goes swimming in the ocean all the whales start singing, "We are familly even though you fatter than me".Your dad's bald spot is so big you could draw an H on it and call it a helicopter landing pad.What do you call something with 4 eyes, 3 noses, 7 ears, and 2 mouths?





Ugly!A mother took her little boy to church. While in church the little boy said, "Mommy, I have to pee." 

The mother said to the little boy, "It's not appropriate to say the word 'pee' in church. 

So, from now on whenever you have to 'pee' just tell me that you have to 'whisper.'" 

The following Sunday, the little boy went to church with his father and during the service said to his father, "Daddy, I have to whisper." 

The father looked at him and said, "Okay, why don't you whisper in my ear."There was a boy standing on a corner selling fish. 

He was saying, "Dam fish for sale, dam fish for sale." 

A preacher walked up and asked why he was calling them dam fish. 

The kid said, "I caught them at the dam, so they're dam fish." 

The preacher bought some, took them home and asked his wife to cook the dam fish. 

His wife looked at him in bewilderment and said, "Preachers aren't supposed to talk like that." 

The preacher explained why they were dam fish, and she agreed to cook them. When dinner was ready and everyone was sitting down, the preacher asked his son to pass him the dam fish. 

His son replied, "That's the spirit dad. Pass the fucking potatoes!"1. If I like it, it's mine.

2. If it's in my hand, it's mine.

3. If I can take it from you, it's mine.

4. If I had it a little while ago, it's mine.

5. If it's mine, it must never appear to be yours in any way.

6. If I'm doing or building something, all of the pieces are mine. 

7. If it looks like mine, it's mine. 

8. If I saw it first, it's mine.

9. If you are playing with something and you put it down, it automatically becomes mine.

10. If it's broken, it's yours.  
 
Also...

11. If you built it, I get to knock it down.Eleven people were hanging on a rope under a helicopter, ten men and one woman. The rope was not strong enough to carry them all, so they decided that one has to drop off, otherwise they are all going to fall. They were not able to choose that person, but then the woman made a very touching speech. She said that she would voluntarily let go of the rope, because as woman she was used to giving up everything for her husband and kids, and for men in general, without ever getting anything in return. As soon as she finished her speech, all the men started clapping.A boy and his father were playing catch in the front yard when the boy saw a honey bee. He ran over and stomped it.

"That was a honey bee," his father said, "one of our friends. For stomping him you will do without honey for a week."

Later the boy saw a butterfly, so he ran over and stomped it.

"That was a butterfly," his father said, "one of our friends, and for stomping him you will do without butter for a week."

The next morning the family sat down for breakfast. The boy ate his plain toast with no honey or butter.

Suddenly a cockroach ran out from under the stove. His mother stomped it.

The boy looked at his father and said, "Are you going to tell her, Dad, or should I?"There was a very religious man named Jim, who lived near a river. One day, the river rose over the banks and flooded the town, and Jim was forced to climb onto his porch roof. While sitting there, a man in a boat came along and told Jim to get in the boat with him. 

Jim said, "No, that's okay. God will take care of me." 

So, the man in the boat drove off. 

The water rose higher, so Jim climbed onto his roof. At that time, another boat came along, and the person in that one told Jim to get in. 

Jim replied, "No, that's okay. God will take care of me." 

The person in the boat then left. 

The water rose even more, and Jim climbed onto his chimney. A helicopter came along and lowered a ladder for him. The woman in the helicopter told Jim to climb up the ladder and get in. 

Jim said, "That's okay." 

The woman said, "Are you sure?" 

Jim replied, "Yeah, I'm sure God will take care of me." 

Finally, the water rose too high and Jim drowned. Jim got to heaven and was face-to-face with God. 

Jim said to God, "You told me that you would take care of me! What happened?" 

God replied, "Well, I sent you two boats and a helicopter. What else did you want?"A man said his credit card was stolen but he decided not to report it because the thief was spending less than his wife did.An Israeli soldier who just enlisted asked the
Commanding Officer for a 3-day pass. 

The CO says "Are you crazy? You just join the Israeli army, and you already want a 3-day pass? You must do something spectacular for that recognition!" 

So the soldier comes back a day later in an Arab tank! 

The CO was so impressed, he asked "How did you do it?" 

"Well, I jumped in a tank, and went toward the border with the Arabs. I approached the border, and saw an Arab tank. I put my white flag up, the Arab tank put his white flag up. I said to the Arab soldier, 'Do you want to get a three-day pass?' So we exchanged tanks!"A farmer was milking his cow. He was just starting to get a good rhythm going when a bug flew into the barn and started circling his head. Suddenly, the bug flew into the cow's ear. The farmer didn't think much about it, until the bug squirted out into his bucket. So the farmer says "Oh, shoot! It went in one ear and out the udder"...Mary Poppins was traveling home, but due to worsening weather, she decided to stop at a hotel for the night. She approached the receptionist and asked for a room for the night. 
"Certainly madam," he replied courteously. 
"Is the restaurant open still?" inquired Mary. 
"Sorry, no," came the reply, "but room service is available all night. Would you care to select something from this menu?" 
Mary smiled and took the menu and perused it. "Hmm, I would like cauliflower cheese please," said Mary. 
"Certainly madam," he replied. 
"And can I have breakfast in bed?" asked Mary politely. The receptionist nodded and smiled. "In that case, I would love a couple of poached eggs please," Mary mused. After confirming the order, Mary signed in and went up to her room for the night. 
The night passed uneventfully and next morning Mary came down early to check out. The same guy was still on the desk.
"Morning, madam...sleep well?" 
"Yes, thank you," Mary replied. 
"Food to your liking?" 
"Well, I have to say the cauliflower cheese was exceptional, I don't think I have had better. Shame about the eggs though... they really weren't that nice at all," replied Mary truthfully. 
"Oh...well, perhaps you could contribute these thoughts to our Guest Comments Book. We are always looking to improve our service and would value your opinion," said the receptionist. 
"OK, I will, thanks!" replied Mary, who checked out, then scribbled a comment into the book. Waving, she left to continue her journey. 
Curious, the receptionist picked up the book to see the comment Mary had written.

"Supercauliflowercheesetheeggswerequiteatrocious!"Once upon a time... 
There lived a king. The King had a 
beautiful daughter, the Princess. 

But the kingdom was a sad place. 
There was no laughter, and no joy. 
The problem was, that 
everything the Princess touched would melt. 
No matter what, metal, wood... 
anthing she touched would melt!! 

Because of this, men were afraid of her. 
Nobody would dare marry her. 
The king despaired. 
What could he do to help his 
beautiful daughter? 
He consulted his wizards and magicians. 
One wizard told the king, "If your 
daughter touches one thing that 
does not melt in her hands, she 
will be cured." 

The King was overjoyed. The next 
day, he held a competition. Any man 
who could bring his daughter an 
object that would not melt at her 
touch, would marry her and inherit 
the King's wealth. 
Three young princes took up the challenge. 

The first Prince brought a very hard 
alloy of titanium. 
When the Princess touched it, it 
melted. The Prince went away sadly. 
The second Prince brought a huge 
diamond, thinking that diamond is 
the hardest substance in the world 
and will not melt. 

But, alas, once the Princess touched 
it, it melted. He too went away disappointed. 
The third Prince approached. He 
told the Princess, "Put your hand 
in my pocket and feel what is in there." 
The Princess did as she was told, 
though she turned red. 

She felt something hard. She held 
it in her hand...and it did not melt!! 
The King was overjoyed! 
Everybody in the kingdom was overjoyed! 

And the third Prince married the 
Princess and the both lived 
happily ever after. 

The question is?!?!?!? 

What WAS the object in the Prince's pocket??? 

                  


They were M&M's, of course. 
THEY melt in your MOUTH, 
NOT in your HAND!! 

(What were you thinking???)Q: How many roaches does it take to screw in a lightbulb????

A: Since when do roaches screw in lightbulbs?Why did the bubblegum cross the road?
















Because he was stuck to the chickens leg.Why did President George W. Bush go into a gorilla's nest in the jungle?




To be with his family!A school teacher injured his back and had to wear a plaster cast around the upper part of his body. It fitted under his shirt and was not noticeable at all. On the first day of the term, still with the cast under his shirt, he found himself assigned to the toughest students in school.

Walking confidently into the rowdy classroom, he opened the window as wide as possible and then busied himself with desk work. The classroom became a bit unruly and he admonished them. This happened several times.

When he could do work at his desk, the strong breeze from the window made his tie flap annoyingly. He kept rearranging and rearranging the tie as the class raised its level of unruliness.

Finally, becoming disgusted with the wayward tie, he stood up and took a big stapler off his desk and stapled the tie to his chest in several places.

Discipline was not a problem from that day forth.A Sunday school teacher was discussing the Ten Commandments with her five and six year olds. After explaining the commandment to "honor thy father and thy mother," she asked "Is there a commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters?" Without missing a beat one little boy answered, "Thou shall not kill."A very dirty little fellow came in from playing in the yard and asked his mother, "Who am I? " Ready to play the game she said, "I don't know! Who are you?" "WOW!" cried the child. "Mrs. Johnson was right! She said I was so dirty, my own mother wouldn't recognize me!"A man was about to die, so he went to a black magic store to get a voodoo dick. The man at the store said, "It works. Anything you tell it to go to, it goes. So your wife can just say, 'Voodoo dick, my pussy.'"
The man buys it and gives it to his wife. She says, "Voodoo dick, my pussy." It goes in and starts screwing. But she doesn't know how to get it out. So she speeds to the hospital, but a cop catches her. He says, "What's the hurry?" She says, "There's a voodoo dick stuck in my pussy." The cop says, "Voodoo dick, my ass!"A man and wife are out shopping one day.

The wife turns to her husband and says; "Darling it's my mum's birthday tomorrow what shall we get her? Perhaps something electric?"

"A chair?" replies the husband.What do you tell a woman with two black eyes?

Nothing, you already told her twice...Joe and Ted finished an exam and talked to each other afterwards.

"I did terrible," said Joe. "I think I was filling in the wrong bubbles!"

"Me too," replied Ted.

"Well, why did you do terrible?" asked Joe.

"I forgot to bring a pencil!"1. Is it good if a vacuum really sucks?
2. Why is the third hand on the watch called the second hand?
3. If a word is misspelled in the dictionary, how would we ever know?
4. If Webster wrote the first dictionary, where did he find the words?
5. Why do we say something is out of whack? What is a whack?
6. Why does "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing?
7. Why does "fat chance" mean the same thing as "slim chance"?
8. Why do "tug" boats push their barges?
9. Why do we sing "Take me out to the ball game" when we are already there?
10. Why are they called "stands" when they are made for sitting?
11. Why is it call "after dark" when it is really "after light"?
12. Doesn't "expecting the unexpected" make the unexpected expected?
13. Why are a "wise man" and a "wise guy" opposites?
14. Why do "overlook" and "oversee" mean opposite things?
15. Why is "phonics" not spelled the way it sounds?
16. If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
17. If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
18. Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
19. Christmas is weird. What other time of the year do you sit in front of a dead tree and eat candy out of your socks?Anyone who has ever dressed a child will love this one! 

Did you hear about the Texas Teacher who was helping one of her kindergarten students put on his cowboy boots? He asked for help and she could see why. 

Even with her pulling and him pushing, the little boots still didn't want to go on. Finally, when the second boot was on, she had worked up a sweat. 

She almost cried when the little boy said, "Teacher, they're on the wrong feet." 

She looked and sure enough, they were. It wasn't any easier pulling the boots off than it was putting them on. She managed to keep her cool as together they worked to get the boots back on - this time on the right feet. 

He then announced, "These aren't my boots." 

She bit her tongue rather than get right in his face and scream, "Why didn't you say so?" like she wanted to. And, once again she struggled to help him pull the ill-fitting boots off his little feet. No sooner they got the boots off and he said, "They're my brother's boots. My Mom made me wear 'em." 

Now she didn't know if she should laugh or cry. But, she mustered up the grace and courage she had left to wrestle the boots on his feet again. Helping him into his coat, she asked, "Now, where are your mittens?" He said, 

"I stuffed 'em in the toes of my boots." 

Her trial starts next month.There was a City cop on his horse waiting to cross the street when a little boy on his new shiny bike stopped beside him.  

"Nice bike," the cop said "Did Santa bring it to you?" 
 
"Yep," the little boy said, "He sure did!" 
 
The cop looked the bike over and handed the boy a $20.00 ticket for a safety violation. 
 
The cop said, "Next year tell Santa to put a reflector light on the back of it." 
 
The young boy looked up at the cop and said "Nice horse you got there, Sir. Did Santa bring it to you?" 
 
"Yes, he sure did," chuckled the cop. 
 
The little boy looked up at the cop and said, "Next year tell Santa the d*ck goes underneath the horse not on top."Though the walls of our apartment complex aren't particularly thin, the floors and ceilings act as amplifiers. One night, several months ago, my wife and I were lying in bed. Noticing the repeated constant sound of a bed scooting along the floor and a headboard banging against a wall, we became aware that the occupants of the bedroom directly were doing more than tossing and turning in their sleep. This went on for some time. Later we described the event to our friends. 

US: "For the first five minutes, it was funny and kind of embarrassing that we could hear them so well. 

"After about ten minutes, it became really annoying. 

"After fifteen minutes, it was getting very frustrating because it was keeping us from going to sleep..." 

FRIENDS: "And then?" 

US: "And then after twenty straight minutes...Okay, after twenty minutes it was pretty damn impressive."Your Starship Captain just might be a redneck if... 


your shuttlecraft has been up on blocks for over a month 
he paints flames and a NRA sticker on the warp nacelles 
you have a shuttle called "Billy Joe Bob" 
he refers to Klingons as "Critters" 
he refers to Photon Torpedoes as "Popguns" 
he has the sensor array repaired with a bent coathanger and aluminum foil 
he installs a set of bullhorns on the front of the saucer section 
he says, "Got your ears on, good buddy" instead of "open hailing frequencies" 
he hangs fuzzy dice over the viewscreen 
he rewires his communicator into his belt buckle 
he keeps a six-pack under his command chair and a gun rack above it 
he says, "Yee-Ha!" instead of "Engage" 
he has a hand-tooled holster for his phaser 
he insists on calling his executive officer "Bubba" 
he sets the fore viewscreen to reruns of "Bassmaster" 
he programs the food replicator for beer, ribs, and turnip greens 
he paints the starship John Deere green 
he refers to a Pulsar as a "Blue Light Special" 
he refers to the Mutara Nebula as a "swamp" 
his moonshine is stronger than Romulan Ale 
he sings "Lucille" instead of "Kathleen" 
his idea of dress uniform is CLEAN bib overalls 
he wears mirrored shades on the Bridge 
his idea of a "gas giant" is that big ol' XO Bubba after a meal of beans and weenies 
he sets phaser to "Cajun"Joe: I got a problem. 
Ed: What's the matter? 
Joe: Women. I just don't understand them. 
Ed: Do you understand your TV? 
Joe: No. 
Ed: So what's the problem?The teacher has set the class an assignment. He stresses the importance of the particular assignment, and that no excuses will be accepted except illness (with a medical certificate) or a death in the immediate family (with a note from that member). 

A smart-ass student pipes up: "What about extreme sexual exhaustion, sir?" 

The class breaks up laughing, and when they settle down the teacher responds with: 

"Well, Jones, I guess you'll have to learn to write with your other hand."A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He sidles up to the bar and announces "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."I half a spelling checker, 
It came with my pea sea; 
It plainly marks four my revue, 
Mistakes I kin not sea. 
I've run this poem threw it, 
I'm sure your please two no, 
Its letter perfect in it's weigh, 
My checker tolled me sew.Eager to make full use of my new computer's capabilities, I asked a customer-service representative at my bank whether it offered on-line banking. 

"Certainly," she stated matter-of-factly, pointing to a crowd of people near the tellers. "The line starts over there."My friend was on duty in the main computer lab on a quiet afternoon he noticed a young woman sitting in front of one of the workstations with her arms crossed across her chest, staring at the screen. 

After about 15 minutes he noticed that she was still in the same position, only now she was impatiently tapping her foot. 

Finally, he approached her and asked if she needed help. She replied, "It's about time! I pressed the F1 button over twenty minutes ago!"Knock! Knock! 
Who's there? 
Harry. 
Harry who? 
Harry up and let me in!A policeman pulls over a reckless driver along the road. Going up to the driver's window, he takes one look and notes, "Your eyes are bloodshot. Have you been drinking?" The driver looks up out of those bloodshot eyes and responds, "Your eyes are glazed. Have you been eating donuts?"Officer: "And you still insist you're innocent, in spite of the fact that we have six witnesses to the crime ?" 

Offender: "If it's witnesses you want, I can produce seventy people who didn't see me steal the stuff."The Dean from the University of Northern Colorado was a victim of a hit and run. 

He was just getting to his feet when a policeman ran up to help. 

"My mother-in-law just tried to run me over!" the shaken Dean told the cop. 

"The car hit you from behind," the officer said. "How could you tell it was your mother-in-law?" 

"I recognized the laugh!"A butcher was minding his store one day, when a dog ran in and stole a cut of meat off his counter. The butcher recognized the dog as belonging to his neighbor, who was a lawyer. He called up his neighbor and said, "Your dog stole meat from my store. I believe you owe me for the meat." The lawyer said, " You are correct. How much was the meat?" The butcher told him that it cost $4.50, the lawyer replied that he should receive a check for that amount in the mail the next day. The next day, the check arrived in the mail for $4.50, with a bill attached for $150, "for legal consultation".A mother was reading a book about animals to her 3 year old daughter:

Mother: "What does the cow say?" 
Child: "Moooo!" 

Mother: "Great! What does the cat say?" Child: "Meow." 

Mother: "Oh, you're so smart! What does the frog say?" 

The wide-eyed little three-year-old looked up at her mother and replied, 

Child: "Bud."Always on the look-out for a bargain, I was dining out and came across a menu entree "T-Bone* $4.25". I inquired of the waiter how they could sell a dinner at that price. He advised me to check the bottom of the menu. Next to the "*" was "with meat, $14.95"When is it Michael Jackson's bed time? 





When the little hand meets the big hand.What do you call happiness? 






Seeing your mother-in-law's photo on the back of a milk carton!What's the difference between an alchoholic & a drug addict? 



The alchoholic drives over the stop sign, while the drug addict waits for it to turn green.Barry calls his boss. "I'm having problems with my eyes." 
"What's wrong with them?" his boss asks. 
"I just can't see myself coming into work today."If I wanted to think of a better come back, I'd dig it out of your @$$!One day an Englishman, a Scotsman, and a Newfie walked into a pub together. They proceeded to each buy a pint of Guinness. Just as they were about to enjoy their creamy beverage three flies landed in each of their pints, and were stuck in the foam. The Englishman pushed his beer away from him in disgust. The Scotsman fished the offending fly out of his beer and continued drinking it as if nothing had happened. The Newfie too, picked the fly out of his drink, held it out over the beer and then started yelling, "SPIT IT OUT, SPIT IT OUT YOU THIEF!"The following are new Windows messages that are under 
 consideration for the planned Windows 2000: 
 
 1. Smash forehead on keyboard to continue. 
 
 2. Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue. 
 
 3. Press any key to continue or any other key to quit. 
 
 4. Press any key except... no, No, NO, NOT THAT ONE! 
 
 5. Press Ctrl-Alt-Del now for IQ test. 
 
 6. Close your eyes and press escape three times. 
 
 7. Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner. 
 
 8. This will end your Windows session. Do you want to play another game?
 
 9. Windows message: "Error saving file! Format drive now? (Y/Y)" 
 
 10. This is a message from God Gates: "Rebooting the world. Please log off." 
 
 11. To "shut down" your system, type "WIN." 
 
 12. BREAKFAST.SYS halted... Cereal port not responding. 
 
 13. COFFEE.SYS missing... Insert cup in cup holder and press any key. 
 
 14. CONGRESS.SYS corrupted... Re-boot Washington D.C? (Y/N) 
 
 15. File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N) 
 
 16. Bad or missing mouse. Spank the cat? (Y/N) 
 
 17. Runtime Error 6D at 417A:32CF: Incompetent User. 
 
 18. Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N) 
 
 19. WinErr 16547: LPT1 not found. Use backup. (PENCIL & PAPER.SYS) 
 
 20. User Error: Replace user. 
 
 21. Windows VirusScan 1.0 - "Windows found: Remove it? (Y/N)" 
 
 22. Welcome to Microsoft's World - Your Mortgage is Past Due... 
 
 23. If you are an artist, you should know that Bill Gates owns you and
 all your future creations. Doesn't it feel nice to have security? 
 
 24. Your hard drive has been scanned and all stolen software titles
 have been deleted. The police are on the way.Hear about the blonde that got an AM radio?    

It took her a month to realize she could play it at night.What happened to the blonde ice hockey team?    

They drowned in spring training.What did the blonde say when she saw the sign in front of the YMCA?    

"Look! They have spelt MACY'S wrong!"A couple go to an agricultural show way out in the countryside a fine Sunday afternoon, and are watching the auctioning off of reproduction bulls.  

The guy selling the bulls announces the first bull to be auctioned off: "A fine specimen, this bull reproduced 60 times last year."  

The wife nudges her husband in the ribs, and comments: "See! That was more than 5 times a month!"

The second bull is to be sold: "Another fine specimen, this wonder reproduced 120 times last year."

Again the wife bugs her husband: "Hey, that's some 10 times a month. What do YOU say to that?!" Her husband is getting really annoyed with this comparison.

The third bull is up for sale: "And this extraordinary specimen reproduced 360 times last year!"

The wife slaps her husband on the arm and yells: "That's once a day, every day of the year!  How about YOU?!"

The husband was pretty irritated by now, and yells back: "Sure, once a day! But ask the announcer if they were all with the same cow!"Q.   What's the difference between a paycheck and your dick ?    



A.   You don't have to beg a woman to blow your paycheck.Q.   What are the small bumps around a woman's' nipples for ?    



A.   They are Braille for "suck here".Q.   What's the difference between a woman and a coffin ?    




A.   You come in one and go in the other.Q.   Why do women close their eyes during sex ? 



   
A.   They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.Q.   What's the difference between your wife and your job ?    



A.   After 5 years your job will still suck.Q.   What's the best thing about a blow job ?   



 
A.  Ten minutes of silence.Q.   How is a woman like a laxative ?    




A.   They both irritate the shit out of you.Q.   Why do husbands die before their wives ?    






A.   They want toQ.   What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a pitbull ?    





A.    Lipstick.10. What do you mean "today's our anniversary"?

9. Can we not talk to each other tonight? I'd rather just watch TV.

8. Ohh, this diamond is way too big!

7. And for our honeymoon we're going fishing in Alaska!

6. Can our relationship get a little more physical?  I'm tired of being "just friends".

5. Honey does this outfit make my butt look too small?

4. Aww, don't stop for directions, I'm sure you'll be able to figure out how to get there.

3. Is that phone for me? Tell 'em I'm not here.

2. I don't care if it is on sale, 300 dollars is too much for a designer dress.

1. Hey, pull my finger!A husband and wife are celebrating their 50th anniversary. That night the wife approaches her husband wearing the exact same sexy little negligee she wore on their wedding night.  
She looks at her husband and says, "Honey,do you remember this?" 
He looks up at her and says, "Yes dear, I do.  You wore that same negligee the night we were married." 
She says, "Yes, that's right. Do you remember what you said to me that night." 
He nods and says, "Yes dear, I still remember." 
"Well, what was it?" she asks. 
He responds, "Well honey, as I remember, I said, "Ohhhhhhhhh Baby, I'm going to suck the life out of those big tits and screw your brains out."  
She giggles and says, "Yes honey, that's it. That's exactly what you said.
So, now it's 50 years later, I'm in the same negligee I wore that night. What do you have to say tonight?"  
Again he looks up at her and looks her up and down and replies, 

"Mission Accomplished."An old farmer is having trouble getting his bull to breed with the cows and is lamenting the fact to a few of his friends down at the local beer hall. One of them says, "Ya know, Ben, I used to have the same trouble with my bull, but I got it fixed really
quick." "How did you get it fixed?" "Well, I just dipped my finger in the cow's vagina and rubbed it all over the bull's nose and he got right after her."

Ben goes home to the farm and decides to try it. He grabs a cow, dips his fingers in the cow's vagina and rubs it all around the bull's nose. The bull gets a rip roaring boner and jumps on the cow immediately. Ben was impressed.

That night, Ben gets into bed with his wife and can't get the effect on the bull out of his mind. As she lays sleeping, Ben dips his fingers into his wife's vagina and feeling that it's nice and wet, he rubs it all around his nose and gets a rip roaring hard on. He quickly shakes his wife awake and cries out,

"Honey, look!"

She rolls over, turns on the light and says, 
"You mean you woke me up in the middle of the night just to show me that you have a nosebleed?"There once was a pack of Indians and the Indian Chief could never seem to fart. So eventually he got one of his Indian people to call up a doctor and tell him "Big Chief no fart!". 

So the doctor came up the next day with a pill and he
says "Here, take this and call me the next day to tell me what happened." So the Indian calls back up the next day and says "Still, Big Chief no fart!" 

So the doctor brought up an even bigger pill. The next day the Indian calls the doctor up and says "Once again, Big Chief no fart!". So the doctor had enough of this and brought this HUGE pill, I mean this pill had to be taken in by tanks. 

So the next day the Indian calls up the doctor and says..."BIG FART, NO CHIEF!!".What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells?



Pregnant.A man went to his dentist because he has a strange feeling in his mouth. The dentist examines him and says, "That new upper plate I put in for you six months ago is eroding. What have you been eating?"
The man replies, "All I can think of is that about four months ago my wife made some asparagus and put some stuff on it that was delicious...Hollandaise sauce. I loved it so much I now put it on everything - meat, toast, fish, vegtables, everything." 
"Well," says the dentist, "That's probably the problem. Hollandaise sauce is made with lots of lemon juice, which is highly corrosive. It has eaten away your upper plate. I'll make you a new plate, and this time use chrome." 

"Why chrome?" asks the patient.

To which the dentist replies, "It's simple. Everyone knows that there's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise!"There once was an engineer who had an exceptional gift for fixing all things mechanical.  He retired following a happy thirty-year career. Shortly thereafter his company contacted him about a seemingly impossible problem with one of their million-dollar  machines.

The engineer reluctantly took the challenge.  After spending a day studying the huge machine, he marked a small "X" in chalk on a machine component and proudly stated, "This is where your problem is."  The part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly.

The company was astounded to receive a bill for $50,000 from the engineer for his service.  They demanded an itemized accounting of his charges.

The engineer responded briefly:

One chalk mark ..............$1
Knowing where to put it .....$49,999"That wife of mine is a liar," said the angry husband to a sympathetic pal seated next to him in the bar. "How do you know?" the friend asked. "She didn't come home last night, and when I asked her where she'd been, she said she'd spent the night with her sister, Shirley." "So?" the friend replied. "So, she's a liar. I spent the night with her sister Shirley!"There were 2 guys who were best friends, Bob and Carl, that went walking everyday past a very fancy restuarant made up of very clear, expensive glass. Well everytime they went by, they would always make jokes about the rich snobs who dined there (of course because they were jealous because they wanted to be in there eating the expensive food). So one day Bob made a bet with Carl that he could make half of the people throw up. As soon as Carl agreed on the bet, Bob went and put his boogers and some dog poop all over the glass and indeed half of the people did throw up. So Carl lost some money but wanted to get it back. So he made a bet the he could get the other half of the people to throw up. Bob thought there is no way of doing this but he did. Carl went up and licked it all off! And in the end they both broke even.


The End (lol)A funeral service is being held for a woman who has just passed away. At the end of the service, the pall bearers are carrying the casket out when they accidentally bump into a wall, jarring the casket. They hear a faint moan! They open the casket and find that the woman is actually alive!

She lives for ten more years, and then dies. Once again, a ceremony is held, and at the end of it, the pall bearers are again carrying out the casket. As they carry the casket towards the door, the husband cries out: "Watch that fucking wall!"A blonde says to a brunette, ''Excuse me, but each time I sip my coffee, my eye seems to hurt.''

The brunette says, ''Well maybe you should take the spoon out of the cup.''There once was a very old man,
whose verses no one could scan.
And when they asked, "Why?"
he said, "I don't know, I
"just put too many words in the last line, I guess."There was an old man from Purdue
whose limericks stopped on line two.An engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were on their way to a tech conference on the other side of the mountains.

Half way down the other side, the brakes gave out, and the engineer steered for all his life to keep the car from going clean off the edge.

It was at the last second, skidding sideways towards doom, that the car finally stopped. One tire dropped over the edge.

The three sprang from the car, shaking and panting. The engineer was the first to speak.

"We could have been killed! I would like to get under the car and see just what happened to those brakes. Something has to be fixed."

The systems analyst agreed. "Yes, but I'd like to see the design blueprints. We could fix the problem with these cars with a little research."

The programmer was scratching his head. "I wonder if that's repeatable."What's the difference between a Scot and Mick Jagger?

Mick Jagger sang "Hey, you, get offa my cloud."

The Scot says "Hey, McCloud, get offa my ewe."A blonde walked into a library and said to the librarian, "Can I have some fish and chips please?"
The librarian gave her a funny look and said, " I'm sorry, this is a library."
So the blonde whispers,"Can I have some fish and chips please?"There was a blonde, a brunette and a red head on an island and they were almost starving. In the end the brunette decided she would rather die trying to get back to land, which looked about 20 miles away, than stay on the island and starve.
So she started swimmming and got about 10 miles out before she gave up and drowned. 
The red head decided she would do the same thing and she got 15 miles out before she gave up and drowned.
The blonde was lonely without the others so she swam out and got 19 miles out.
"Oh, I'm too tired!" she said.

So she swam back!A man walked into a curio store and was shopping around. After awhile, a golden rat interested him and he went to purchase it.
"That'll be $20 for the rat and $1,000 for the story behind it," said the shop owner. 

"Thanks, but I'll just take the rat for $20 and leave the story".  He bought the golden rat and left the store. While walking down the street, he saw all sorts of rats following him. The further he walked, even more rats came. He went down to the docks and still more rats ran out and followed him. So he walked out into the water, and all the rats drowned. He returned to the curio store soon after. 

"Sooo," said the proprietor. "You've come back for the story, I thought so!" 

"Nope," said the man. "Got any golden lawyers?"A man arrives at his laywer's funeral and and was very dismayed by the presence of this one person. He turns to the people around him. 'Why are you all at this man's funeral?'  A man turns towards him and says, 'We're all clients.'
'And you ALL came to pay your respects? How touching.' 
'Huh?  No, we came to make sure he was dead.'Yo momma's so fat, she plays hopscotch like this:

"Washington, California..."What is a horse's favourite Shakepearean play?

Rodeo and JulietHere's the day's stock market report:

Helium was up, feathers were down. 
Paper was stationary.
Fluorescent tubing was dimmed in light trading.
Knives were up sharply.
Cows steered into a bull market.
Pencils lost a few points.
Hiking equipment was trailing.
Elevators rose, while escalators continued their slow decline.
Weights were up in heavy trading.
Light switches were off.
Mining equipment hit rock bottom.
Diapers remained unchanged.
Shipping lines stayed at an even keel.
The market for raisins dried up.
Coca Cola fizzled.
Caterpillar stock inched up a bit.
Sun peaked at midday.
Rain dampened the rally.
Balloon prices were inflated.
Scott Tissue touched a new bottom.
And batteries exploded in an attempt to recharge the market.It seems the US Federal Aviation Administration has a unique
device for testing the strength of windshields on irplanes. The device is a gun that launches a dead chicken at a plane's windshield at approximately the speed the plane flies.

The theory is that if the windshield doesn't crack from the carcass impact, it'll survive a real collision with a bird during flight. It seems the British were very interested in this and wanted to test a windshield on a brand new, speedy locomotive they were developing.

They borrowed the FAA's chicken launcher, loaded the chicken and fired. The ballistic chicken shattered the windshield, went through the engineer's chair, broke an instrument panel and embedded itself in the back wall of the engine cab. The British were stunned and asked the FAA to recheck the test to see if everything was done correctly.

The FAA reviewed the test thoroughly and had one recommendation: "Use a thawed chicken."Here are some useless facts that you may enjoy...

1. The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."

2. On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament Building is an American flag.

3. Barbie's measurements if she were life size: 39-23-33.

4. All of the clocks in  Pulp Fiction  are stuck on 4:20.

5. No word in the English language rhymes with month.

6. A coat hanger is 44 inches long if straightened.

7. Canada is an Indian word meaning "Big Village".

8. "Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt".

9. The word 'byte' is a contraction of 'by eight.'

10. The word 'pixel' is a contraction of either 'picture cell' or 'picture element.'

11. Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.

12. Cats' urine glows under a blacklight.

13. The average ear of corn has eight-hundred kernels arranged in sixteen rows.

14. The first Ford cars had Dodge engines.

15. Chrysler built B-29's that bombed Japan, Mitsubishi built Zeros that tried to shoot them down.  Both companies now build cars in a joint
 plant call Diamond Star.

16. On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.

17. All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.

18. Almonds are members of the peach family.

19. If you add up the numbers 1-100 consecutively (1+2+3+4+5 etc) the total
 is 5050.

20. The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe.

21. The term "the whole 9 yards" came from WWII fighter pilots in the South Pacific.  When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber
machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage.  If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."

22. The maximum weight for a golf ball is 1.62 oz.

23. The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.

24. Duddley DoRight's Horses name was "Horse."

25. Samuel Clemens aka Mark Twain was born on a day in 1835 when Haley's Comet came into veiw. When He died in 1910, Haley's Comet came into view again.

26. Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.

27. The first hard drive available for the Apple had a capacity of 5megabytes.

28. In many cases, the amount of storage space on a recordable CD is measured in minutes. 74 minutes is about 650 megabytes, 63 minutes is
550 megabytes.

29. Charlie Brown's father was a barber.

30. Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intraveinously.

31. Of the six men who made up the Three Stooges, three of them were real brothers. (Moe, Curly and Shemp.)

32. Ohio is listed as the 17th state in the U.S., but technically it is number 47.  Until August 7, 1953, congress forgot to vote on a resolution to admit Ohio to the Union.

33. If you  have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19.  You also have the largest amount of money in coins without
being able to make change for a dollar.

34. Only 1/3 of the people that can twitch their ears can twitch only one at a time.

35. The volume of the Earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean

36. Ingrown toenails are hereditary.

37. Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.

38. The largest city in the United States with a one syllable name is Flint, Michigan.

39. The most common name in the world is Mohammed.

40. On the cartoon show 'The Jetsons', Jane is 33 years old and her daughter Judy is 15.

41. In Mel Brooks' 'Silent Movie,' mime Marcel Marceau is the only person who has a speaking role.

42. Only humans and horses have hymens.

43. The word "set" has more definitions than any other word in the English language.

44. The state with the longest coastline in the US is Michigan.

45. We had four consecutive full moons making two blue moons in 1999. (January 2 and 31, March 2 and 31.) The only other time it happened
this century was in 1915. (January 1 and 31, March 1 and 31.)

46. Pulp Fiction cost $8 million to make - $5 million going to actor's salaries.

47. Spot, Data's cat on  Star Trek:  The Next Generation , was played by six different cats.

48. Captain Jean-Luc Picard's fish was named Livingston.

49. The longest U.S. highway is route 6 starting in Cape Cod, Massachusetts going through 14 states, and ending in Bishop, California.

50. The 'y' in signs reading "ye olde.." is properly pronounced with a 'th' sound, not 'y'. The "th" sound does not exist in Latin, so ancient Roman occupied (present day) England use the rune "thorn" to represent "th" sounds. With the advent of the printing press the character from the Roman alphabet which closest resembled thorn was the lower case "y".

51. The number of the trash compactor in Star Wars (20th Century Fox, 1977) is 3263827.

52. "Underground" is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters "und."

53. The international telphone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.

54. A full seven percent of the entire Irish barley crop goes to the production of Guinness beer.

55. If you toss a penny 10000 times, it will not be heads 5000 times, but more like 4950.  The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom.

56. The housefly hums in the middle octave, key of F.

57. Mr. Snuffleupagas' first name was Alyoisus.

58. The little bags of netting for gas lanterns (called 'mantles') are radioactive-so much so that they will set off an alarm at a nuclear reactor.

59. In the movie "the Right Stuff" there is a scene where a government recruiter for the Mercury astronaut program (played by Jeff Goldblum)is in a bar at Muroc Dry Lake, California.  His partner suggests Chuck Yeager as a good astronaut candidate.  Jeff proceeds to badmouth Yeager claiming they need someone who went to college.  During  the conversation, the real Chuck Yeager is playing a bartender who is standing behind the recruiters eavesdropping.  General Yeager is listed
low in the movie credits as 'Fred.'

60. Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.

61. There are only four words in the English language which end in "-dous":  tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.

62. The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.

63. The only other word with the same amount of letters as #62 is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconioses, its plural.

64. The longest place-name still in use is
Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu, a New Zealand hill.

65. Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula" and can  be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, "L.A."

66. A cat has 32 muscles in each ear

67. An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.

68. Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.

69. After the Civil War the U.S. sued Great Britain for damages that were caused by them building ships for the Confederacy. We originally asked for $1 billion but settled on $25 Million.

70. There are 22 stars surrounding the mountain on the Paramount Pictures logo.

71. Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.

72. There is a word in the English language with only one vowel, which occurs six times: Indivisibility.

73. In most advertisments, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.

74. The only Dutch word to contain eight consecutive consonants is 'angstschreeuw'.

75. Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button.  It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.

76. The Mongol emperor Genghis Khan's original name was Temujin.

77. The first word spoken by an ape in the movie Planet of the Apes  was "Smile".

78. Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order.

79. Geller and Huchra have made three-dimensional maps of the distrubution of galaxies.  In each layer of the map some galaxies are grouped together in such a way that they resemble a human being.

80. Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.

81. Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.

82. Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.

83. The second longest word in the English language is "antidisestablishmenterianism".

84. When two words are combined to form a single word (e.g., motor + hotel = motel, breakfast + lunch = brunch) the new word is called a
"portmanteau."

85. Dr. Samuel A. Mudd was the physician who set the leg of Lincoln's assassin John Wilkes Booth, and whose shame created the expression for ignominy, "His name is Mudd."

86. The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.

87. In 1969, the last Corvair was painted gold.

88. The real name of the "I've fallen and I can't get up" lady is Edith Fore.

89. Betsy Ross was born with a fully formed set of teeth.

90. Betsy Ross's other contribution to the American Revolution, beside sewing the first American flag, was running a munitions factory in her basement.

91. The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.

92. Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book 'The Naked Lunch'.

93. Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.

94. Wilma Flinestone's maiden name was Wilma Slaghoopal, and Betty Rubble's Maiden name was Betty Jean Mcbricker.

95. Lenny Kravitz's mother played the part of "Helen" on "The Jeffersons."

96. Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.

97. A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.

98. 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321

99. The Ramses brand condom is named after the great phaoroh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.

100. There is a seven letter word in the English language that contains ten words without rearranging any of its letters, "therein": the, there, he, in, rein, her, here, here, ere, therein, herein.

101. Canola oil is actually grapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons.

102. When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.

103. Duelling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.

104. John Larroquette of "Night Court" and "The John Larroquette Show" was the narrator of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre."

105. A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.

106. A pig's penis is shaped like a corkscrew.

107. The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "Its A Wonderful Life."

108. A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.

109. A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.

110. A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
 
111. A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.

112. On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.

113. No words in the English language rhyme with orange, silver or purple.

114. It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.

115. "Evian" spelled backvards is naive.

116. The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.

117. Maine is the toothpick capital of the world.

118. It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up.  The frog throws up it's stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of it's mouth.  Then the frog uses it's forearms to dig out all of the
stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down again.

119. The A&W of root beer fame stands for Allen and Wright.

120. A baby eel is called an elver, a baby oyster is called a spat.

121. Bingo is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box.

122. Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world.

123. Charles de Gaulle's final words were, "It hurts."

124. There are four cars and ten lightposts on the back of a ten-dollar bill.

125. ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their first names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)

126.  What five digit number, when multiplied by the number 4, is the same number with the digits in  reverse order?  21978; 21978 x 4 = 87912.

127. It was illegal to sell ET dolls in France because there is a law against selling dolls without human faces.

128. In the 1983 film "JAWS 3D" the shark blows up. Some of the shark guts were the stuffed ET dolls being sold at the time.

129. Montana mountain goats will butt heads so hard their hooves fall off.

130. The Beatles song "Dear Prudence" was written about Mia Farrow's sister, Prudence, when she wouldn't come out and play with Mia and the Beatles
at a religious retreat in India.

131.  Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.

132.  The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world for its size.

133. St. Paul, Minnesota was originally called Pigs Eye after a man who ran a saloon there.

134.  The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.

135.  Moon was Buzz Aldrin's mother's maiden name. (Buzz Aldrin was the second man on the moon in 1969.)

136.  Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme?  It's Paul Reiser himself.  And Greg Evigan sang the "My Two Dads" theme.

137. Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.

138. Alan Thicke, the father in the TV show  Growing Pains  wrote the theme songs for  The Facts of Life  and  Diff'rent Strokes .

139. In 1963, baseball pitcher Gaylord Perry remarked, "They'll put a man on the moon before I hit a home run." On July 20, 1969, a few hours after
Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon, Gaylord Perry hit his first, and only, home run.

140. The Grateful Dead were once called The Warlocks.

141. Gilligan of Gilligan's Island had a first name that was only used once, on the never- aired pilot show. His first name was Willy.

142. The skipper's real name on Gilligan's Island is Jonas Grumby.  It was mentioned  once in the first episode on their radio's newscast about
the wreck.

143. The Professor's real name was Roy Hinkley, Mary Ann's last name was Summers and  Mrs. Howell's maiden name was Wentworth.

144. The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.

145. In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.

146. Reindeer milk has more fat than cow milk.

147. The "L.L." in L.L. Bean stands for Leon Leonwood.

148.  The original fifty cent piece in Australian decimal currency had around $2.00 worth of silver in it before it was replaced with a less expensive twelve sided coin.

149. The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.

150. Alexander the Great was an epileptic.

151. The lead singer of The Knack, famous for "My Sharona," and Jack Kevorkian's lead defense attorney are brothers, Doug & Jeffrey Feiger.

152. The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."

153. The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.

154. Elton John's real name is Reginald Dwight.  Elton comes from Elton Dean, a Bluesology sax player.  John comes from Long John Baldry, founder of Blues Inc. They were the first electric white blues band ever seen in England--1961

155. The saying "It's so cold out there it could freeze the balls off a brass monkey" came from when they had old cannons like ones used in the
Civil War.  The cannonballs were stacked in a pyramid formation, called a brass monkey.  When it got extremely cold outside they would crack
and break off... Thus the saying.

156. Horses cannot vomit.

157. Rabbits cannot vomit.

158.  S.O.S. doesn't stand for "Save Our Ship"
or "Save Our Souls" -- It was just chosen by an 1908 international conference on Morse Code because the letters S and O were easy to remember and just about anyone could key it and read it, S = dot dot dot, O = dash dash dash..

159. Pocahontas appeared on the back of the $20 bill in 1875.

160. When a female horse and male donkey mate, the offspring is called a mule, but when a male horse and female donkey mate, the offspring is called a hinny.  The way to get more mules is to mate a male donkey with a female horse.

161. A donkey will sink in quicksand but a mule won't.

162. Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.

163. Hugh "Ward Cleaver" Beaumont was an ordained minister.

164. The Old English word for "sneeze" is "fneosan."

165. John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.

166.  A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.

167. Woodpecker scalps, porpoise teeth and giraffe tails have all been used as money.

168. The Los Angeles Rams were the first U.S. football team to introduce emblems on their helmets.

169. The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.

170. The average garden variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.

171. Certain frogs can be frozen solid then thawed, and continue living.

172. Dartboards are made out of horsehairs.

173. One of the many Tarzans, Karmuela Searlel, was mauled to death on the set by a raging elephant.

174. Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs.

175. There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.

176. Octopi have gardens.

177. "Ever think you're hearing something in a song, but they're really singing something else?  The word for mis-heard lyrics is 'mondegreen,' and it comes from a folk song in the '50's.  The singer was actually singing "They slew the Earl of Morray and laid him on the green," but this came off sounding like 'They slew the Earl of Morray and Lady
Mondegreen.'"

178. Some biblical scholars believe that Aramaic (the language of the ancient Bible) did not contain an easy way to say "many things" and used
 a term which has come down to us as 40.  This means that when the bible -- in many places - refers to "40 days," they meant many days.

179.  Napoleon constructed his battle plans in a sandbox.

180. 'Strengths' is the longest word in the English language with just one vowel.

181. 'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.

182. One of the longest English words that can be typed using the top row of a typewriter (allowing multiple uses of letters) is 'typewriter.'

183. When a giraffe's baby is born it falls from a height of six feet, normally without being hurt.

184. Virgina Woolf wrote all her books standing.

185.  The pitches that Babe Ruth hit for his last-ever homerun and that Joe DiMaggio hit for his first-ever homerun where thrown by the same man.

186. To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.

187. Stalin was only five feet, four inches tall.

188. Stalin's left foot had webbed toes, and his left arm is noticably shorter than his right.

189. Tomb robbers believed that knocking Egyptian sarcophagi's noses off would and therefore forstall curses.

190. The allele for six fingers and toes is dominant in humans. (Watch out Inigo Montoya...)

191.  The face of a penny can hold about thirty drops of water.

192.  Medieval knights put sharkskin on their swordhandles to give them a more secure grip; they would dig the sharp scales into their palms.

193. Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.

194. The only planet without a ring is earth.

195. Wayne's World  was filmed in two weeks.

196.  If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.

197. The raised reflective dots in the middle of highways are called Botts dots.

198.  Boris Karloff is the narrator of the seasonal television special "How the Grinch Stole Christmas."

199.  A group of unicorns is called a blessing.

200. Twelve or more cows are known as a "flink."

201. A group of frogs is called an army.

202. A group of rhinos is called a crash.

203. A group of kangaroos is called a mob.

204. A group of whales is called a pod.

205. A group of geese is called a gaggle.

206. A group of ravens is called a murder.

207. A group of officers is called a mess.

208. A group of larks is called an exaltation.

209. A group of owls is called a parliament.
 
210. The 80s song "Rosanna" from the Eighties was written about Rosanna Arquette, the actress. Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.

211.  Starfish don't have brains.

212. Shrimps' hearts are in their heads.

213. The derivation of the word trivia comes from the Latin "tri-" + "via", which means three streets.  This is because in ancient times, at an intersection of three streeets in Rome (or some other Italian place), they would have a type of kiosk where ancillary information was listed. You might be interested in it, you might not, hence they were bits of "trivia."A blonde and a brunette decided to rob a bank. They quickly devised a good plan and they put their plan to action. 
The brunette drove up to the front of the bank that they had decided to rob. She turned to the blonde and asked her, "Now, do you remember what the plan is?" The blonde sighed and replied, "Yeah, yeah, I remember..." The brunette went over the plan once more and let the blonde out to do her stuff. 

Before the blonde could shut the door, the brunette yelled out, "Be sure to be in and out in no more than 5 minutes!" The blonde ran inside and the brunette waited in the car... and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. After waiting for so long in the car, the blonde bursts out of the bank's doors, the alarm blaring loud enough to wake everyone up. The blonde was lugging a bank safe behind her by a rope tied around it. A security guard ran out of the bank, his pants down around his ankles and attempting to reach his gun. The blonde breathed heavily as she tried to put the safe in the car but finally just gave up and dropped the safe behind. She ran into the passenger seat and pulled the door shut, the car already moving. The security guard yelled, "Stop! Stop!" while the pair drove off, leaving the safe with rope tied tightly around it behind. The brunette frantically asked the blonde, "What the hell happened in there?!?" The blonde was panting and turned to the brunette and choked out, "What do you mean? I followed the plan exactly!" 

The brunette paused and yelled, "YOU IDIOT! YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO TIE UP THE GUARD AND BLOW THE SAFE!"Yo moma's like the Bermuda Triangle, they both swallow a lot of seamen.Yo moma's like a fine restaurant, she only takes deliveries in the rear.Yo momma's like a bubble gum machine, 5 cents a blow.A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did for a living. 
"Tim, you be first" she said.  "What does your mother do all day?" Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."

"That's wonderful. How about you, Amie?" Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a mailman."

"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher. "What about your father, Billy?" Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy works in a topless bar!"

The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.

Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell. Billy's father answered the door. The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded an explanation.

Billy's father said, "I'm actually an attorney. But, how can I explain that to a seven-year-old?"Why do they bury lawyers 10 feet below ground instead of the usual 6?

Because deep down, they're not so bad!Which is heavier, 20 pounds of rocks or 20 pounds of sugar?

Their both 20 pounds! doy!Better to be pissed off than pissed on."Whew, that's one terrific spread!" 

"I'm in the mood for a little dark meat." 

"Tying the legs together keeps the inside moist." 

"Talk about a huge breast!" 

"It's Cool Whip time!" 

"If I don't undo my pants, I'll burst!" 

"Are you ready for seconds yet?" 

"Are you going to come again next time?" 

"It's a little dry, do you still want to eat it?" 

"Just wait your turn, you'll get some!" 

"Don't play with your meat." 

"Just spread the legs open & stuff it in." 

"Do you think you'll be able to handle all these people at once?" 

"I didn't expect everyone to come at once!" 

"You still have a little bit on your chin." 

"Use a nice smooth stroke when you whip it." 

"How long will it take after you stick it in?" 

"You'll know it's ready when it pops up." 

"Wow, I didn't think I could handle all of that!" 

"How many are coming?" 

"That's the biggest one I've ever seen!" 

"Just lay back & take it easy...I'll do the rest." 

"How long do I beat it before it's ready?"A blond got a new job cutting down trees. On the first day her boss handed her a chainsaw and said,
"Now you have to go into that forest and cut down as many trees as possible using that chain saw. Please be careful with it and also please remember that the minimum is 6 trees a day."
The blonde went into the forest and cut down trees but at the end of the day she had only managed to cut down 4.
Her boss decided to give another chance but the next day she only managed 3. He decided to give her one last chance but on the third day she only cut two trees.
When she finished work, he called the blond over and took her back into the forest.
"Right,"he said,"You must be doing something wrong here so watch how I do it, then I'll give you one more chance before you're fired.
So he stood in front of the tree and started up the chainsaw. The blond looked around suddenly and said,
"What's that noise?"What time is it when an elephant sits on your fence?

time to get a new fence!What do you call a pig who knows karate? 

 A Pork-Chop!An old country gentleman and his wife were out driving one day, when a police officer pulled him over. 

"What seems to be the trouble young man?" asked the old gentleman. 

The officer said, "Excuse me sir, but didn't you notice your wife fell out of the car back there?" 

To which the old gentleman exclaimed, "Thank you son, I thought I went deaf!!!".Roses are red,
Grass is green.
You have the shape
Of a washing machine.What's brown and has holes in it?

Swiss shit!How many blondes does it takes to screw in a lightbulb?

three:
one to unscrew it
one to buy a new lightbulb
one to call her boyfriend to screw it back in.Definition of Agony?

One armed man hanging off a cliff with itchy ballsJoe: Hi Jack. How did you like horseback riding?
Jack: Not that much. The problem was that the horse was too polite.
Joe: Polite?
Jack: Yep. When we reached the fence he let me go over first.A couple had been married 15 years. One afternoon they were working in the garden together. 

As the wife was bending over pulling weeds the husband said, "Hey honey, you are getting fat. Your butt is getting huge. I bet it's as big as the gas grill now." 

The husband feeling he needed to prove his point, got a yardstick, measured the grill and then measured his wife's butt. 

"Yep," he said, "Just what I thought, just about the same size." 

The wife got very incensed and decided to let him do the gardening alone. She went inside and didn't speak to her husband the rest of the day. 

That evening when they went to bed, the husband cuddled up to his wife and said, "How about it, hon? How about a little lovemaking?" 

The wife rolled over and turned her back to him, giving him the cold shoulder. "What's the matter?" he asked. 

To which she replied, "You don't think I'm going to fire up this big gas grill for one little weenie, do you?"It has been determined.
The most used sexual position for married couples is a doggie position.

The husband sits and begs.
The wife rolls over and plays dead.After 17 years of marriage, a man dumped his wife for a younger woman.  The downtown luxury apartment was in his name and he wanted to remain there with his new love so he asked the wife to move out and then he would buy her another place. The wife agreed to this, but asked that she be given 3 days on her own there, to pack up her things. While he was gone, the first day she lovingly put her personal belongings into boxes and crates and suitcases. On the second day, she had the movers come and collect her things. On the third day, she sat down for the last time at their candlelit Dining table, soft music playing in the background, and feasted on a pound of shrimp and a bottle of Chardonnay. When she had finished, she went into each room and deposited a few of the resulting shrimp shells into the hollow of the curtain rods. She then cleaned up the kitchen and left. The husband came back, with his new girl, and all was bliss for the first few days. Then it started; slowly but surely. Clueless, the man could not explain why the place smelled so bad. They tried everything; cleaned & mopped and aired the place out. Vents were checked for dead rodents, carpets were steam cleaned, Air fresheners were hung everywhere. Exterminators were brought in, the carpets were replaced, and on it went. Finally, they could take it no more and decided to move. The Moving company arrived and did a very professional packing job, taking everything to their new home...

 ....including the curtain rods.A Teenager is... 

A person who can't remember to walk the dog but never forgets a phone number. 

A weight watcher who goes on a diet by giving up candy bars before breakfast. 

A youngster who receives his/her allowance on Monday, spends it on Tuesday, and borrows from his/her best friend on Wednesday. 

Someone who can hear a song by the Back Street Boys played three blocks away but not his mother calling from the next room. 

A whiz who can operate the latest computer without a lesson but can't make a bed. 

A student who will spend 12 minutes studying for her history exam and 12 hours for her driver's license. 

A youngster who is well informed about anything he doesn't have to study. 

An enthusiast who has the energy to ride a bike for miles, but is usually too tired to dry the dishes. 

A connoisseur of two kinds of fine music: Loud and Very Loud. 

A young woman who loves the cat and tolerates her brother. 

A person who is always late for dinner but always on time for a rock concert. 

A romantic who never falls in love more than once a week. 

A budding beauty who never smiles until her braces come off. 

A boy who can sleep until noon on any Saturday when he suspects the lawn needs mowing. 

An original thinker who is positive that her mother was never a teenager.For weeks a six-year old lad kept telling his first-grade teacher about the baby brother or sister that was expected at his house.

One day the mother allowed the boy to feel the movements of the unborn child. The six-year old was obviously impressed, but made no comment. Furthermore, he stopped telling his teacher about the impending event.

The teacher finally sat the boy on her lap and said, "Tommy, whatever has become of that baby brother or sister you were expecting at home?"

Tommy burst into tears and confessed, "I think Mommy ate it!"A little nine-year-old girl was in church with her mother when she started feeling ill. 

"Mommy" she said "Can we leave now?" 

"No," her mother replied. 

"Well, I think I have to throw up!" 

"Then go out the front door and around to the back of the church and throw up behind a bush." 

In about two minutes the little girl returned to her seat. 

"Did you throw up?" her mother asked. 

"Yes," the little girl replied. 

"Well, how could you have gone all the way to the back of the church and return so quickly?" 

"I didn't have to go out of the church, Mommy," the little girl replied, "They have a box next to the front door that says 'for the sick'."Mrs. Peterson phoned the repairman because her dishwasher quit working. He couldn't accommodate her with an "after-hours" appointment and since she had to go to work, she told him, "I'll leave the key under the mat. Fix the dish washer, leave the bill on the counter, and I'll mail you a check. By the way, I have a large rotweiler inside named Killer; he won't bother you. I also have a parrot, and whatever you do, do not talk to the bird!"

Well, sure enough the dog, Killer, totally ignored the repairman, but the whole time he was there, the parrot cursed, yelled, screamed, and about drove him nuts.

As he was ready to leave, he couldn't resist saying, "You stupid bird, why don't you shut up!"

To which the bird replied, "Killer, get him!!!"One day, I had to pick up my ne're do well brother because his car had broken down. 
I probably shouldn't have done this, but I wanted to show off my cool new car I got, so I agreed. 

I left work at about five o clock and I went to the gas station before I picked up my brother. Of course, after a few bad incidences with the gas station attendants, I discovered that self serve was the way to go, so I pulled up and hopped out of my car. 
When I was finished pumping the gas, I pulled out the pump, but I had forgotten to completely let go of the handle, so some gas spilled out onto the sleeve of my jacket .
'Big deal' I thought, and I paid for the gas and got back into the car. Well, something you must know about my brother is that he's a terribly addicted smoker, and of course, he has no regard for peoples things, not even their new car with leather seats. So, of course, the first thing that brother of mine does when he gets in the car, is lights up a cigarette. 
Remember the gas I spilled on my jacket? Well, needless to say, one spark from that lighter sent my arm bursting into flames. 
"CRAP!" I screamed. I pulled the car over and jumped out. I was waving my arm around like crazy trying to get that fire out. Luckily, a policeman drove by and stopped to help me. He had a fire extinguisher in his cruiser and he used it to put out the fire on my arm. 
"Thank you officer" I said "If you hadn't stopped to help me, my arm could have burned off!" 
"It was no problem ma'am," the officer replied in very formal police style,
"but I'm sorry, I'm going to have to give you a fine" 
"Why officer?" I said, completely shocked 
He Replied "FOR USING A FIREARM WITHOUT A LICENCE"During training exercises, the lieutenant who was
driving down a muddy back road encountered
another car stuck in the mud with a red-faced
colonel at the wheel.

"Your jeep stuck, sir?" asked the lieutenant as he pulled alongside.

"Nope," replied the colonel, coming over and handing
him the keys, "Yours is."On some air bases the Air Force is on one side of the field and civilian aircraft use the other side of the field, with the control tower in the middle. One
day the tower received a call from an aircraft asking,
"What time is it?"
The tower responded, "Who is calling?" 
The aircraft replied, "What difference does it make?"
The tower replied "It makes a lot of difference. If it is an American Airlines flight, it is 3 o'clock. If it is an Air Force plane, it is 1500 hours. If it is a Navy aircraft, it is 6 bells. If it is an Army aircraft, the big hand is on the 12 and the little hand is on the 3. If it is a Marine Corps aircraft, it's Thursday afternoon and 120 minutes to "Happy Hour".- "Hey, Princess, you wouldn't happen to know where a lonely knight could scabbard his sword, would you?"

- "Been there, slain that."

- "What's a nice maiden like you doing in a dungeon like this?"

- "They don't call me Lance-A-Lot for nothing, you know."

- "When the Inquisition put me on the rack, my limbs weren't the only thing they stretched."

- "Dost thou know? That chastity belt of yours would look great on my sleeping chamber floor."

- Wench: "What's that sound?" Knight: "That's just the sound of my chain mail drawers expanding."

- "Thou hast hit on me harder than the black plague!"

- "Your hovel or mine?"

- "Pardon me, madam, but wouldst thou like to see my long sword in action?"

- "Dost thou practice safe hex?"

- "Milady, it's not the size of the wand that matters, but the magic within."

- "I have the key to your chastity belt and you have the key to my heart."

- "You should be glad I'm not a Viking."

- "You would have been ravaged and plundered by now."

- "I lost my leg in battle. Guess what I'm walking on!"

- "Yes, fair maiden, I am indeed a wizard. Shall I make your clothes disappear?"

- "You won't believe this but St. George just appeared to me in a vision and told me that I must bed you...the fate of England depends is on it!!"

- "I'm really a prince cursed by an evil witch. Tell me, do you have sex with frogs?"

- "My! But you are a beautiful damsel in distress! Allow me to help you out of it."

- "I've been VERY NAUGHTY. You'll have to put me in the stocks and...er...PUNISH me, now won't you?"

- "You know, I was once imprisoned in a tower very much like Rapunzel. Only it wasn't my hair that the queen asked me to let down."

- "I may not be a priest, but I can get you to heaven, m'lady."

- "C'mon, sweetie...didn't your mother ever tell you? A cleric a day keeps the black plague away."

- "I seem to have lost my sex slave, can I borrow you for a bit?"- "Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning.'"

- "I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!!"

- "Nice Asimov."

- "Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody."

- "Earth woman, prepare to be probed!"

- "I'm the droid you're looking for."

- "Is that a spare Vulcan ear in your pocket or... well, I'm just asking because some jerk in the parking lot pulled off one of my Vulcan ears."

- "Hey, baby. I own Microsoft."

- "Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'"

- "If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you watch me masturbate while I download pictures of Jeri Ryan?"Recent Canadian government research has shown that cigarette smoking not only impairs sexual ability, it actually causes shrinkage of the male sexual "equipment."

Wow! If that is true, we need to get the word out ASAP! Maybe the warning on the cigarette packs should be updated to reflect this new information. How about something like this:

* Warning!: These cigarettes are king size -- how about you?

* Warning!: Smoking sections in restaurants aren't the only things getting smaller.

* Warning!: If you don't reduce your smoking, your smoking will reduce you.

* Warning!: Smoking may lead to ridicule on your honeymoon.

* Warning!: Smoke rises, but you may not.

* Warning!: Second-hand smoke can be harmful to children -- That is... if you're capable of conceiving any.

* Warning!: Cigarettes get shorter the more you puff -- so do you.

* Warning!: How can you enjoy a smoke afterwards, if there's no before?

* Warning!: The only thing left after a smoke is a dead stub.

* Warning!: Don't throw lit cigarettes in the urinal -- you might not have the range to put them out.A guy walked up to a beautiful young woman in a bar. "Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" he said to her.

"I don't know," replied the beautiful young woman. "It depends how personal it is."

"OK," the guy said. "How many men have you slept with?"

"I'm not going to tell you that!" the woman exclaimed. "That's my business!"

"Sorry," said the guy, "I didn't realize you made a living out of it."A few rules for what men can and cannot wear at a private pool.

1) Speedos. Speedos cannot be worn by men under the following conditions:

1A) If when you look down, you can't see the color of your Speedo, you probably should not be wearing one. No matter how manly your chest may be, if your belly exceeds your chest, it is not arousing to women to see your skimpy bathing suit.

1B) If your belly hangs down over the top of the Speedo, you should not be wearing one. No, women are not impressed that you can do finger acrobatics tying up your Speedo with only one hand, as the other hand is being used to lift up the fold of skin of your belly hanging mercilessly down over the top of your Speedo.

1C) If you have one of those penises that kind of stick straight out as opposed to hang down, you should not be wearing one. No, women do not get turned on by 1and a 1/2 inches of pure male passion raging from your loins.

1D) If you have a butt that is larger than most lawn chairs, skip the Speedo.

1F) If you are the type of guy who gets aroused when you see a woman in less than an overcoat and/or if there is a gentle breeze, you should not be wearing one. Teepees are for Indian reservations and not for the pool thankyouverymuch.

2) If you cannot wear a Speedo, and are wearing short type bathing suits, please for the sake of all humankind, wear one with an inner shell. There is nothing sexier than seeing your boys hanging down as you sit in that position that only a man can do so gracelessly, but it is impolite to be the cause of so many women getting so horny at midday, so keep your boys hidden.

3) No thongs under any circumstances.

4) If you wear sandals, do not wear white knee socks.A few rules for what women can and cannot wear at a private pool.

1) Thongs are encouraged... however only if certain conditions are met.

1A) There must be a direct correlation to the amount of total square inches of skin, to the total amount of square inches of bathing suit. In other words, if you are any larger than a mini van, a string bikini should be frowned upon.

1B) Thongs or ass floss as they have been come to be known in pool and beach circles, should be worn as long as there is not more cellulite on your buttocks than in one of Mel Gibson's Epic type movies.

2) Women with near perfect figures, cannot wear one piece bathing suits... plain and simple. Damn, I know it's a sexist world, but it's the world that we live in.

3) Curlers are strictly verboten.A group of girlfriends is on vacation when they see a 5-story hotel with a sign that reads: "For Women Only." Since they are without their boyfriends and husbands, they decide to go in.

The bouncer, a very attractive guy, explains to them how it works. "We have 5 floors. Go up floor by floor, and once you find what you are looking for, you can stay there. It's easy to decide since each floor has a sign telling you what's inside."

So they start going up and on the first floor the sign reads: "All the men on this floor are short and ugly, they don't have jobs and hate children." The friends laugh and without hesitation move on to the next floor.

The sign on the second floor reads: "All the men here are short, but handsome, haev decent jobs, and hate children." Still, this isn't good enough, so the friends continue on up.

They reach the third floor and the sign reads: "All the men here are tall and handsome, have well paying jobs, don't really care for children, but want to get married."

They still want to do better, and so, knowing there are still two floors left, they continued on up.

On the fourth floor, the sign is perfect: "All the men here are tall, handsome, have all the money in the world, are romantic and sensual, love children, are not jealous, and will marry you on the spot." The women get all excited and are going in when they realize that there is still one floor left. Wondering what they are missing, they head on up to the fifth floor.

There they find a sign that reads: "There are no men here. This floor was built only to prove that there is no way to please a woman. Please go down on the escalator to your right."Hours after the end of the world, a border dispute emerged between heaven and hell. 

God, invited the devil for conversations to find a way to resolve this dispute quickly. Satan proposed a soccer game between heaven and hell. God, always fair, said to the devil, "The heat must be affecting your brain, the game would be so one sided.  Don't you know all the 'good' players go to heaven?" 

The devil, smiling, responded "Yeah, but we've got all the refs!"You're so dumb, you studied for a blood test!A mafioso's son sits at his desk writing a Christmas list to Jesus. He first writes, "Dear baby Jesus, I have been a good boy the whole year, so I want a new..." He looks at it, then crumples it up into a ball and throws it away. 

He gets out a new piece of paper and writes again, "Dear baby Jesus, I have been a good boy for most of the year, so I want a new..." He again looks at it with disgust and throws it away. 

He then gets an idea. He goes into his mother's room, takes a statue of the Virgin Mary, puts it in the closet, and locks the door. He takes another piece of paper and writes, "Dear baby Jesus. If you ever want to see your mother again..."Children in the back of the car cause accidents. 

Accidents in the back of the car cause childrenA newlywed couple just moved into their new house. One day the husband comes home from work and his wife says, "Honey, you know, in the upstairs bathroom one of the pipes is leaking, could you fix it?"  The husband just looked at his wife and said, "What do I look like, Mr.Plumber?" 

A few days went by, and he comes home from work and again his wife asks for a favor, "Honey, the car won't start, I think that it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?" 

"What do I look like, Mr.Goodwrench?" was his response. Another couple of weeks go by, and it's raining pretty hard. His wife then finds a leak in the roof. She pleads with him as he's walking through the door. "Honey, there's a leak on the roof! Can you please fix it?" 

He just looked at her and said "What do I look like, Bob Vila?" and sat down with a beer and watched a game on TV. 

One weekend the husband woke up and it was pouring pretty hard, but the leak on the roof was gone! Speaking of leaks, he also went to take a shower, and he found that the one pipe behind the sink wasn't leaking anymore either. 

His wife was coming home just then, and as she walked through the door, the husband asked, "Honey, how come there aren't any more leaks, and the car's running?" 

She replied nonchalantly, "Oh, the other day I was picking up the mail, and I ran into one of our new neighbors, Jon. What a nice man. He came over and fixed everything."  "Wow, did he charge us anything?" asked the husband. "No, he just said that he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or had sex with him" she said. 

"Cool. What kind of cake did you make?" asked the husband. "Cake? What do I look like, Betty Crocker?1. Your salary is less than your tuition.
2. Your potted plants stay alive.
3. Shacking in a twin-sized bed seems absurd.
4. You keep more food than beer in the fridge.
5. You have to pay your own credit card bill.
6. Mac & Cheese no longer counts as a well-balanced meal.
7. You haven't seen a soap opera in over a year.
8. 8:00a.m. is not early.
9. You have to file for your own taxes.
10. You hear your favorite song on the elevator at work.
11. You're not carded anymore.
12. You carry an umbrella.
13. You learn that "Bachelor" is a nicer term for a jackass.
14. "Extended childhood" only really pertains to your salary, which is a little less than your allowance used to be.
15. "Twenty-something" means over-qualified, under-paid, and not married.
16. Your friends marry instead of hook-up, and divorce instead of break-up.
17. You start watching the weather channel.
18. Jeans and baseball caps aren't staples in your wardrobe.
19. You can no longer take shots, and smoking gives you a sinus attack.
20. You go from 130 days of vacation time to 7.
21. You stop confusing 401K plan with 10K run.
22. You go to parties that the police don't raid.
23. Adults feel comfortable telling jokes about sex in front of you.
24. You don't know what time Wendy's closes anymore.
25. Your car insurance goes down.
26. You refer to college students as kids.
27. You drink wine, scotch and martinis instead of beer, bourbon, and rum.A man walks out of a bar totally hammered, only to be greeted by a snobby woman. She takes one look at him. 
"You, sir, are drunk!" 

"And you ma'am, are ugly. But when I wake up, I will be sober!"A group of guys are on their way to a party, but couldn't quite remember the address to the house. ''I'm sure this is the one," said the driver. ''Well, I have got to go to the bathroom SO BAD.'' Replied one of the others, ''I'll go knock on the door, and check. If it's the wrong house, at least I'll get to a toilet!'' 

So he gets out and walks to the front door. He rings it once....No answer. He rings it again.....Still no answer. So, he thinks, ''This is a big house, big party, maybe the party is outside, in the backyard.'' So he walks around the house to the back, there was no one out there either. As he approached the back door, he was suprised to find it unlocked, and opened. There was obviously no one home, so he figured he'd just quietly run inside real quick, and use there bathroom, no one would know. So, he goes inside but he can't find the bathroom anywhere. So, he quickly ran up the stairs and searched, and searched, till finally as he opened a door to a small room, he was amazed to find a GOLDEN TOILET. He had never seen anything like it, but remembering that he was in a stranger's house, and that they could at anytime return home, he quickly did his business and walked out. As he got in the car he excitedly told his friends of the AMAZING GOLDEN TOILET. They laughed in disbelief at his crazy tale. They pulled out of the driveway, arguing about it. They argued the whole way to the party. 

A couple of hours later, on the way home from the party. They drive past the house with the GOLDEN TOILET. And they guy insists on stopping so he could prove to his friends the these people really did have a GOLDEN TOILET. So, they agree to check it out. So they all walk up to the front door and ring the door bell. And a woman answers the door. ''Excuse me maam, but could you please let me show my friends here your GOLDEN TOILET, they don't believe me!'' ''So YOU'RE the guy!'' The woman replies, then yells to her husband in the house, ''HONEY!?!...HERE'S THE GUY THAT POOPED IN YOUR TUBA!'''A small boy and his father were visiting a nearby mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny silver walls that moved apart and back together again by themselves. 
The lad asked, "What is this, father?" 

The father (having never seen an elevator) responded, "I have no idea what it is." 

While the boy and his father were watching wide-eyed, an old lady in a wheelchair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched as small circles lit up above the walls. 

The walls opened up again and a beautiful twenty-four-year-old woman stepped out. 

The father looked at his son anxiously and said, "Go get your mother."A devoted wife had spent her lifetime taking care of her husband. Now he had been slipping in and out of a coma for several months, yet she stayed by his bedside every single day. When he came to his senses, he motioned for her to come near him. 
As she sat by him, he said, ''You know what? You have been with me all through the bad times. When I got fired, you were there to support me. When my business failed, you were there. When I got shot, you were by my side. When we lost the house, you gave me support. When my health started failing, you were still by my side. You know what?'' 

''What, my dear?'' she asked gently. 

''I think you bring me bad luck.''A little boy was sitting on the couch while his parents were arguing. 
"I don't want your bastard family coming over for Thanksgiving." said his mom.

"Mom, what's a bastard?" asked the little boy.

"Oh, that is just your dad's family." she replied.

"Well I don't want those bitches you call family to come either!" his dad said

"Dad, what,s a bitch?" 

"Oh, it is just your moms family."he said

Later the little boy went and took a shower with his mom. He looked up and said, "Mom what are those?" His mom was surprised she didn't know what to say so she said, "Oh, they are tits. something grown ups wear under there clothes."The boy seemed satisfied and got out. 

He then took a shower with his dad. When he looked up he asked, "Dad what's that?" Flustered his dad said, "Oh, that is a dick. It is something adults wear."

"Ohhh okay." the little boy said.

After the shower his Dad was shaving his face and he cut himself and said, "Shit!"

"Dad what's shit?" the little boy asked.

"Oh, it is what you rub on your face when you're shaving." he said.

Then the Little boy went downstairs and saw his Mom carving the turkey. She cut her finger and said, "Fuck!"

"Mom, what is fuck?'

"Oh honey it is something you do to the turkey for Thanksgiving."

The doorbell rang and the little boy went to answer it. He opened up the door and said, "Hello all you BITCHES and BASTARDS hang your TITS and DICKS in the closet." The guests were appalled. They angrily asked where his parents were. "Dad is upstairs rubbing SHIT all over his face and Mom is FUCKING the turkey."-Sunshine is guaranteed to the masses. 

-Animals are banned from mating publicly within 1,500 feet of a tavern, school, or place of worship.

-Many animals are illegal to own as pets, including snails, sloths, and elephants.

-Bathhouses are against the law.

-In an animal shelter, lizards and snakes are treated under the same guidelines as cats and dogs.

-No vehicle without a driver may exceed 60 miles per hour. 

-Women may not drive in a house coat. 

-It is a misdemeanor to shoot at any kind of game from a moving vehicle, unless the target is a whale.A lady was walking down the street to work and she saw a parrot on a perch in front of a pet store. The parrot said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly." Well, the lady is furious! She stormed past the store to her work. On the way home she saw the same parrot and it said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly." 

She was incredibly ticked now. The next day the same parrot again said to her, "Hey lady, you are really ugly." 

The lady was so ticked that she went into the store and said that she would sue the store and kill the bird. The store manager replied, "That's not good," and promised he wouldn't say it again. 

When the lady walked past the store that day after work the parrot called to her, "Hey lady." 

She paused and said, "Yes?"

The bird said, "You know."The shopkeeper was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and erected a huge sign which read BEST DEALS. 

He was horrified when another competitor opened up on his right, and announced its arrival with an even larger sign, reading LOWEST PRICES. 

The shopkeeper was panicked, until he got an idea. He put the biggest sign of all over his own shop - it read... MAIN ENTRANCE.In the supermarket was a man pushing a cart which contained a screaming, bellowing baby. The gentleman kept repeating softly, "Don't get excited, Albert; don't scream, Albert; don't yell, Albert; keep calm, Albert." 

A woman standing next to him said, "You certainly are to be commended for trying to soothe your son, Albert." 

The man looked at her and said, "Lady, I'm Albert."To: Professor _______________
From: ____________________

I think my grade in your course, ___, should be changed from ___ to ___ for the following reasons:

__1. The persons who copied my paper made a higher grade than I did.

__2. The person whose paper I copied made a higher grade than I did.

__3. This course will lower my Grade Point Average and I won't get into:

__Medical School
__Graduate School
__Dental School
__Fraternity/Sorority
__The Mickey Mouse Club
__Tri County Tech

__4. I have to get an A in this course to balance the F in ______.

__5. I'll lose my scholarship.

__6. I'm on a varsity sports team, and my tutor couldn't find a copy of your exam for me.

__7. I didn't come to class and the person whose notes I used did not cover the material asked for on the exam.

__8. I studied the basic principles and the exam wanted every little fact.

__9. I learned all the facts and definitions but your exams asked about general principles.

__10. You are prejudiced against:

__ Males
__ Blacks
__ Females
__ Jews
__ Catholics
__ Whites
__ Protestants
__ Minorities
__ Chicanos
__ Students
__ People

__11. If I flunk out of school my father will disinherit me or at least cut my allowance.

__12. I was unable to do well in this course because of the following illness:

__ mono
__ broken baby finger
__ acute alcoholism
__ pregnancy
__ VD
__ fatherhood

__13. You told us to be creative but you didn't tell us exactly how you wanted that done.

__14. I was creative and you said I was just shooting the bull.

__15. I don't have a reason; I just want a higher grade.

__16. The lectures were:

__ too detailed to pick out important points.
__ not explained in any sufficient detail.
__ your class was far too boring.
__ all jokes and not enough material.
__ all of the above.

__17. This course was:

__too early, I was not awake.
__at lunchtime, I was hungry.
__too late, I was tired.

__18. My (dog, cat, gerbil) (ate, wet on, threw up on) my (book, notes, paper) for this course.

__19. Other reason: __________________.God grant me the senility to forget the people I never liked anyway. The good fortune to run into the ones that I do, and the eyesight to tell the difference. 

Now that I'm older, here's what I've discovered . . . 

1. I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it. 

2. My wild oats have turned into prunes and All Bran. 

3. I finally got my head together; now my body is falling apart. 

4.Funny, I don't remember being absent minded... 

5. All reports are in; life is now officially unfair.

6. If all is not lost, where is it? 

7. It is easier to get older than it is to get wiser.

8. I wish the buck stopped here; I sure could use a few... 

9. It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.

10. Only time the world beats a path to your door is when you're in the bathroom.

11. If God wanted me to touch my toes, he would have put them on my knees.

12. When I'm finally holding all the cards, why does everyone decide to play chess?

13. It's not hard to meet expenses...they're everywhere. 

14. The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth. 

15. These days, I spend a lot of time thinking about the hereafter...
I go somewhere to get something and then wonder what I'm here after.A man observed a woman in the grocery store with a three year old girl in her cart. As they passed the cookie section, the little girl asked for cookies and her mother said to her, "No." The little girl immediately began to whine and fuss, and the mother said quietly, "Now Brenda, we just have five of the aisles left to go through - don't be upset. It won't be long now." 

Soon, they came to the candy aisle and the little girl began to shout for candy. When told she couldn't have any, she began to cry. The mother said, "there, there, Brenda, don't cry - only two more aisles to go and then we'll be checking out." 

When they got to the checkout stand, the little girl immediately began to clamor for gum and burst into a terrible tantrum upon discovering there'd be no gum purchased. The mother said serenely, "Brenda, just control yourself, we'll be through this check out stand in 5 minutes."

The man followed them out to the parking lot and stopped the woman to compliment her. "I couldn't help noticing how patient you were with little Brenda," he began. 

The mother replied, "I'm Brenda - my little girl's name is Ashley."486 - The average IQ needed to understand a PC. 

State-of-the-art - Any computer you can't afford. 

Obsolete - Any computer you own. 

Microsecond - The time it takes for your state-of-the-art computer to become obsolete. 

G3 - Apple's new Macs that make you say "Gee, three times faster than the computer I bought for the same price a Microsecond ago." 

Syntax Error - Walking into a computer store and saying, "Hi, I want to buy a computer and money is no object." 

Hard Drive - The sales technique employed by computer salesmen, esp. after a Syntax Error. 

GUI - What your computer becomes after spilling your coffee on it. (pronounced "gooey") 

Keyboard - The standard way to generate computer errors. 

Mouse - An advanced input device to make computer errors easier to generate. 

Floppy - The state of your wallet after purchasing a computer. 

Portable Computer - A device invented to force businessmen to work at home, on vacation, and on business trips. 

Disk Crash - A typical computer response to any critical deadline. 

Power User - Anyone who can format a disk from DOS. 

System Update - A quick method of trashing ALL of your software.Humphrey comes up to the Mexican border on his bicycle. He's got two large bags over his shoulders. 

The guard stops him and says, "What's in the bags?" 

"Sand," answered Humphrey. 

The guard says, "Well, we'll see about that.  Get off the bike." The guard takes the bags and rips them apart; he empties them out and finds nothing in them but sand. 

He detains Humphrey overnight and has the sand analyzed, only to discover that there is nothing but pure sand in the bags. 

The guard releases Humphrey, puts the sand into new bags, hefts them onto the man's shoulders, and lets him cross the border. 

A week later, the same thing happens. The guard asks, "What have you got?" 

"Sand," says Humphrey. 

The guard does his thorough examination and discovers that the bags contain nothing but sand.  He gives the sand back to Humphrey, and watches him cross the border on his bicycle. 

This sequence of events repeated everyday for three years. Finally, Humphrey doesn't show up one day and the guard meets him in a Cantina in Mexico. 

"Hey, Buddy," says the guard, "I know you're smuggling something. It's driving me crazy. It's all I think about... I can't sleep. Just between you and me, what are you smuggling?" 

Humphrey sips his beer and says, "Bicycles."Multi-national personnel at North Atlantic Treaty Organization headquarters near Paris found English to be an easy language ... until they tried to pronounce it. To help them discard an array of accents, the verses below were devised. After trying them, a Frenchman said he'd prefer six months at hard labor to reading six lines aloud. Try them yourself. 


Dearest creature in creation, 
Study English pronunciation. 
I will teach you in my verse 
Sounds like corpse, corps, horse, and worse. 
I will keep you, Suzy, busy, 
Make your head with heat grow dizzy. 
Tear in eye, your dress will tear. 
So shall I! Oh hear my prayer. 

Just compare heart, beard, and heard, 
Dies and diet, lord and word, 
Sword and sward, retain and Britain. 
(Mind the latter, how it's written.) 
Now I surely will not plague you 
With such words as plaque and ague. 
But be careful how you speak: 
Say break and steak, but bleak and streak; 
Cloven, oven, how and low, 
Script, receipt, show, poem, and toe. 

Hear me say, devoid of trickery, 
Daughter, laughter, and Terpsichore, 
Typhoid, measles, topsails, aisles, 
Exiles, similes, and reviles; 
Scholar, vicar, and cigar, 
Solar, mica, war and far; 
One, anemone, Balmoral, 
Kitchen, lichen, laundry, laurel; 
Gertrude, German, wind and mind, 
Scene, Melpomene, mankind. 

Billet does not rhyme with ballet, 
Bouquet, wallet, mallet, chalet. 
Blood and flood are not like food, 
Nor is mould like should and would. 
Viscous, viscount, load and broad, 
Toward, to forward, to reward. 
And your pronunciation's OK 
When you correctly say croquet, 
Rounded, wounded, grieve and sieve, 
Friend and fiend, alive and live. 

Ivy, privy, famous; clamour 
And enamour rhyme with hammer. 
River, rival, tomb, bomb, comb, 
Doll and roll and some and home. 
Stranger does not rhyme with anger, 
Neither does devour with clangour. 
Souls but foul, haunt but aunt, 
Font, front, wont, want, grand, and grant, 
Shoes, goes, does. Now first say finger, 
And then singer, ginger, linger, 
Real, zeal, mauve, gauze, gouge and gauge, 
Marriage, foliage, mirage, and age. 

Query does not rhyme with very, 
Nor does fury sound like bury. 
Dost, lost, post and doth, cloth, loth. 
Job, nob, bosom, transom, oath. 
Though the differences seem little, 
We say actual but victual. 
Refer does not rhyme with deafer. 
Foeffer does, and zephyr, heifer. 
Mint, pint, senate and sedate; 
Dull, bull, and George ate late. 
Scenic, Arabic, Pacific, 
Science, conscience, scientific. 

Liberty, library, heave and heaven, 
Rachel, ache, moustache, eleven. 
We say hallowed, but allowed, 
People, leopard, towed, but vowed. 
Mark the differences, moreover, 
Between mover, cover, clover; 
Leeches, breeches, wise, precise, 
Chalice, but police and lice; 
Camel, constable, unstable, 
Principle, disciple, label. 

Petal, panel, and canal, 
Wait, surprise, plait, promise, pal. 
Worm and storm, chaise, chaos, chair, 
Senator, spectator, mayor. 
Tour, but our and succour, four. 
Gas, alas, and Arkansas. 
Sea, idea, Korea, area, 
Psalm, Maria, but malaria. 
Youth, south, southern, cleanse and clean. 
Doctrine, turpentine, marine. 

Compare alien with Italian, 
Dandelion and battalion. 
Sally with ally, yea, ye, 
Eye, I, ay, aye, whey, and key. 
Say aver, but ever, fever, 
Neither, leisure, skein, deceiver. 
Heron, granary, canary. 
Crevice and device and aerie. 

Face, but preface, not efface. 
Phlegm, phlegmatic, ass, glass, bass. 
Large, but target, gin, give, verging, 
Ought, out, joust and scour, scourging. 
Ear, but earn and wear and tear 
Do not rhyme with here but ere. 
Seven is right, but so is even, 
Hyphen, roughen, nephew Stephen, 
Monkey, donkey, Turk and jerk, 
Ask, grasp, wasp, and cork and work. 

Pronunciation -- think of Psyche! 
Is a paling stout and spikey? 
Won't it make you lose your wits, 
Writing groats and saying grits? 
It's a dark abyss or tunnel: 
Strewn with stones, stowed, solace, gunwale, 
Islington and Isle of Wight, 
Housewife, verdict and indict. 

Finally, which rhymes with enough -- 
Though, through, plough, or dough, or cough? 
Hiccough has the sound of cup. 
My advice is to give up!!!A young gay man calls home and tells his Jewish mother that he has decided to go back into the closet because he has met a wonderful girl and they are going to be married. He tells his mother that he is sure she will be happier since he knows that his gay lifestyle has been very disturbing to her. 
She responds that she is indeed delighted and asks tentatively, "I suppose it would be too much to hope that she would be Jewish?" 

He tells her that not only is the girl Jewish, but is from a wealthy Beverly Hills family. She admits she is overwhelmed by the news, and asks, "What is her name?" 

He answers, "Monica Lewinsky." 

There is a long pause, then his mother asks, "What happened to that nice Catholic boy you were dating last year?"Q) How many jugglers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A) One, but it takes 3 lightbulbs.Q)Where do penguins go to dance?
A)The snowballQ)Where do eskimo pigs live?
A)In a pigloo.Q)Why does a traffic light turn red?
A)You would to if you had to change in front of all those people.Q)what do you call a polar bear in the jungle?
A)lost!Q)A hippo is sitting on your chair....what time is it?
A)Time to get a new chairQ: What do you get when a rooster crosses a duck?
A: A bird that gets up at the quack of dawn!Q.Why shouldn't you wear snow boots?
A.Because they will melt!Q. Why would Snow White be a good judge?
A.Because she's the fairest in the land.Q.Where do tough chickens come from?
A.Hard boiled eggs!Q.Why did the house go to the doctor?
A.To get a cure for his window pane!What did the chef name his son?
StuHow do you fix a broken tomato?
With tomato paste!After spending time with Eve, Adam was walking in the Garden with God. Adam told God how much the woman means to him and how blessed he feels to have her. Adam began to ask questions about her.

Adam: Lord, Eve is beautiful. Why did you make her so beautiful? 

God: So you will always want to look at her. 

Adam: Lord, her skin is so soft. Why did you make her skin so soft? 

God: So you will always want to touch her. 

Adam: She always smells so good. Lord, why did you make her smell so good? 

God: So you will always want to be near her.

Adam: That's wonderful Lord ... and I don't want to seem ungrateful, but why did you make her so stupid? 

God: So she would love you.After many years of marriage, a husband turned into a couch potato, became completely inattentive to his wife and sat guzzling beer and watching TV all day. The wife was dismayed because no matter what she did to attract the husband's attention, he'd just shrug her off with some bored comment.

This went on for many months and the wife was going crazy with boredom. Then one day at a pet store, the wife saw this big, ugly, snorting bird with a hairy chest, powerful hairy forearms, beady eyes and dribble running down the side of its mouth.

The shopkeeper, observing her fascination with the bird, told her it was a special imported "Goony bird" and it had a very peculiar trait. To demonstrate, he exclaimed, "Goony bird! The table!"

Immediately, the Goony bird flew off its perch and with single-minded fury attacked the table and smashed it into a hundred little pieces with its powerful forearms and claws! To demonstrate some more, the shopkeeper said, "Goony bird! The shelf!"

Again the Goony bird turned to the shelf and demolished it in seconds.

"Wow!" said the wife, "If this doesn't attract my husband's attention, nothing will!" So she bought the bird and took it home.

When she entered the house, the husband was, as usual, sprawled on the sofa guzzling beer and watching the game. "Honey!" she exclaimed, "I've got a surprise for you! A Goony bird!"

The husband, in his usual bored tone replied, "Goony Bird, my foot!"What does the lion say to his friends before they go out hunting for food? 

"Let us prey."There was once a snail who was sick and tired of his reputation for being so slow. He decided to get some fast wheels to make up the difference. After shopping around a while, he decided that the Ferraro 240-Z was the car to get. So the snail goes to the nearest Ferraro dealer and says he wants to buy the 240-Z, but he wants it repainted "240-S".
The dealer asks, "Why 'S'?"

The snail replies, "'S' stands for snail. I want everybody who sees me roaring past to know who's driving."

Well, the dealer doesn't want to lose the unique opportunity to sell a car to a snail, so he agrees to have the car repainted for a small fee.

The snail gets his new car and spent the rest of his days roaring happily down the highway at top speed. And whenever anyone would see him zooming by, they'd say "Wow! Look at that S-car go!"What did the cat say to the elephant?

"......................meOW!""Two tone paint work" - Original color and rust.

"One careful owner" - But the other nine were clumsy as anything.

"10,000 trouble-free miles" - Crashed in the last 20 feet.

"Heated rear window" - So you don't get cold hands when push-starting the thing in winter.

"Very clean" - Only washed if and when it rains.

"Lady owner" - The glove box is full of half-used cosmetics.

"Clean interior" - All the rubbish is under the floormats.

"Immobilizer" - The gear shift comes off in your hand.

"Anti-theft device" - I can let you have a Rottweiler cheap.

"Drives beautifully" - ... in a straight line; the steering is all over the place.

"Low mileage" - The odometer is on its third time around.

"Full service history" - Charlie in the garage round the corner checked it over last week.

"Economical" - Doesn't use much fuel, as it can't go any faster than 30 mph.Woman: Honey, do you love me?
Man: Ask me no questions, i'll tell you no lies!
Woman: Do I look fat in this?
Man: Ask me no questions, i'll tell you no lies!
Woman: Did you enjoy the meal?
Man: Ask me no questions, i'll tell you no lies!
Woman: Do you see the wrinkles on my face?
Man: Ask me no questions, i'll tell you no lies!

Man: Do you wanna fool around tonight?
Woman: Sure Honey!
Man: Was it as good for you as it was for me?
Woman: Ask me no questions, i'll tell you no lies!A girl went out on a date with a trumpet player, and when she came back her roommate asked, "Well, how was it? Did his embouchure make him a great kisser?" 

"Nah," the first girl replied. "That dry, tight, tiny little pucker; it was no fun at all." 

The next night she went out with a tuba player, and when she came back her roommate asked, "Well, how was his kissing?" 

"Ugh!" the first girl exclaimed. "Those huge, rubbery, blubbery, slobbering slabs of meat; oh, it was just gross!" 

The next night she went out with a French horn player, and when she came back her roommate asked, "Well, how was his kissing?" 

"Well," the first girl replied, "his kissing was just so-so; but I loved the way he held me!"On their way to a justice of the peace to get married, a couple had a fatal car accident. The couple found themselves sitting outside Heaven's Gate waiting on St.Peter to do an intake. While waiting, they wondered if they could possibly get married in Heaven. 

St. Peter finally showed up and they asked him. St. Peter said, "I don't know, this is the first time anyone has asked. "Let me go find out." and he left. 

The couple sat and waited for an answer...for a couple of months...and they began to wonder if they really should get married in Heaven, what with the eternal aspect of it all. "What if it doesn't work?" they wondered, "Are we stuck together forever?" 

St. Peter returned after yet another month, looking some what bedraggled. "Yes," he informed the couple, "you can get married in Heaven." 

"Great,"said the couple, "but what if things don't work out? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?" 

St. Peter, red-faced, slammed his clipboard onto the ground. 

"What's wrong?", asked the frightened couple. 

"COME ON!" St. Peter shouted, "It took me three months to find a priest up here! Do you have any idea how long it will take me to find a lawyer?"A guy arrives at the pearly gates, waiting to be admitted. St. Peter is reading through the Big Book to see if the guy's name is written in it. After several minutes, St. Peter closes the book, furrows his brow, and says, "I'm sorry, I don't see your name written in the Book." 

"How current is your copy?" he asks. 

"I get a download every ten minutes," St. Peter replies, "why do you ask?" 

"I'm embarrassed to admit it, but I was always the stubborn type. It was not until my death was immanent that I cried out to God, so my name probably hasn't arrived to your copy yet." 

"I'm glad to hear that," Pete says, "but while we're waiting for the update to come through, can you tell me about a really good deed that you did in your life?" 

The guys thinks for a moment and says, "Humm, well there was this one time when I was drivin' down a road and I saw a giant group of biker gang members harassing this poor girl. I slowed down, and sure enough, there they were, about 20 of 'em torturing this poor woman. Infuriated, I got out my car, grabbed a tire iron out of my trunk, and walked up to the leader of the gang. He was a huge guy; 6-foot-4, 260 pounds, with a studded leather jacket and a chain running from his nose to his ears. As I walked up to the leader, the bikers formed a circle around me and told me to get lost or I'd be next. 

"So I ripped the leader's chain out of his face and smashed him over the head with the tire iron. Then I turned around and yelled to the rest of them, "Leave this poor innocent girl alone! You're all a bunch of SICK, deranged animals! Go home before I really teach you a lesson in PAIN!" 

St. Peter, duly impressed, says "Wow! When did this happen?" 

"About three minutes ago."In the middle of a forest, there was a hunter who was suddenly confronted by a huge, mean bear. In his fear, all attempts to shoot the bear were unsuccessful. Finally, he turned and ran as fast as he could.

The hunter ran and ran and ran, until he ended up at the edge of a very steep cliff. His hopes were dim. Seeing no way out of his predicament, and with the bear closing in rather quickly, the hunter got down on his knees, opened his arms, and exclaimed, "Dear God! Please give this bear some religion!"

The skies darkened and there was lightning in the air. Just a few feet short of the hunter, the bear came to an abrupt stop, and glanced around, somewhat confused.

Suddenly, the bear looked up into the sky and said, "Thank you, God, for the food I'm about to receive...."Three lawyers and three engineers are traveling by train to a conference. At the station, each of the three lawyers buys a ticket while the three engineers buy only one ticket. 

"How can the three of you travel on one ticket?" asks a lawyer. 

"Watch and you'll see," answers an engineer. 

Aboard the train the lawyers take their respective seats while all three engineers cram into the restroom and squeeze the door closed behind them. 

When the conductor comes around collecting tickets, he knocks on the restroom door and says, "Ticket, please." The door opens a crack and a single arm emerges with a ticket in hand. The conductor takes it and moves on. 

The lawyers are impressed with this clever idea. On   the way home from the conference, they decide to copy the engineers' technique. At the station, they buy a single ticket for their return trip. To their astonishment, the engineers don't buy a ticket at all! 

"How on earth are you going to pull this off?" asks a lawyer. 

"Watch and you'll see," answers an engineer. 

They board the train. The three lawyers cram into one restroom and the three engineers cram into the other restroom. 

Shortly after the train departs, one of the engineers leaves his restroom and knocks on the other restroom door. "Ticket, please!"- Watching a nature show where animals fornicate, he keeps winking and doing the eyebrow thing.

- When you ask him what kind of car he likes to drive, he solemnly replies, "The skin bus to tuna town," and then laughs until he cries.

- You note that integrity is so important in a man, he notes that what he looks for in a "chick " is "you know."

- He whispers, "You're beautiful," to your thighs, then glances up at your face and says, "Oh you, too."

- When you comment on the rarity of men these days who seek mature relationships, he giggles quite a bit. 

- In conversation with others, he refers to you as his "quality tail."

- Washing dishes after you've cooked him dinner for the first time, you reach behind you to take the paper towels off the paper-towel rod and then realize that you don't own a paper-towel rod.

- When you're insulted by his "motel" suggestion at the end of your first date, he looks impressed and says, "Hotel?"

- When you proudly recount your glorious high school valedictory speech to him, he praises "your multi-talented mouth."

- When you tell him what you do for a living, he stares at your breasts and loudly asks, "What do they do?"An epileptic young woman named Camp
Was seduced on her couch by a tramp
But the first time he squeezed her
She had a Grand seizure
And broke both his balls and a lamp.A horny old trapper named Rex
Liked the risks of wild porcupine sex.
By incredible luck
His dick never got stuck,
But his nuts were just pitiful wrecks.You're so fat, when you sleep over someone's house, you sleep OVER someone's house!You're so dumb, you tried to rip the lips off a chicken!This Indian boy goes to his mother one day with a puzzled look on his face. 

"Say, mom, why is my bigger brother named "Mighty Storm"? 

"Because he was conceived during a mighty storm." 

"Why is my sister named "Cornflower"? 

"Well, your father and I were in a cornfield, when we made her." 

"And why is my other sister called "Moonchild"? 

"We were watching the moon landing while she was conceived." 

"Tell me, Torn Rubber, why are you so curious?"A girl came skipping home from school one day. 

"Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were counting today, and all the other kids could only count to four, but I counted to 10. See? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10!" 

"Very good," said her mother. 

"Is it because I'm blonde?" the girl said. 

"Yes, it's because you're blonde," said the mommy. 

The next day the girl came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy," 
she yelled, "we were saying the alphabet today, and all the other kids could only say it to D, but I said it to G. See? A, B, C, D, E, F, G!" 

"Very good," said her mother. 

"Is it because I'm blonde, Mommy?" 

"Yes, it's because you're blonde." 

The next day the girl came skipping home from school. Mommy, Mommy," 
she yelled, "we were in gym class today, and when we showered, all the other girls had flat chests, but I have these!" And she lifted her tank top to reveal a pair of 36Cs. 

"Very good," said her embarrassed mother. 

"Is it because I'm blonde, mommy?" 

"No honey, it's because you're 24."A blonde decided to commit suicide by hanging herself from a tree in the park. 

A few days later, a man was walking his dog and spotted her hanging from the tree. He asks the blonde what she is doing and she replies, "I'm hanging myself."

"You're supposed to put the noose around your neck, not your waist," said the onlooker. "I tried that," replied the blonde, "but I couldn't breathe."zebra: 25 sizes bigger than an 'A' braRussian Roulette, by Hugo FirstThe Lazy Boy, by Yu DoitOn clothes: do not iron while wearing.

On a baby carriage: do not fold while in use.There was an Iraqi force moving thru the desert. As they were approaching some mountains they heard (from over the mountains) "One U.S. Marine can take out 10 Iraqi fighters!" The General of the army sent out ten of his men to take care of the american, none of them came back after some shooting. Then he heard, "One U.S. Marine can take out 100 Iraqi fighters!" So the General sent out 100 of his men after a long time of shooting none of his men returned. Then he heard "One U.S. Marine can take out 1000 Iraqi fighters!" The General, angry now, sends 1000 fighters. After a very long time of shooting one man comes back. In his dying breath he said, "Don't send anymore men! Its a trap, there are two of them.""He's great on the court," a sportswriter spoke of a college basketball player in a interview with his coach.  "But how's his academics?"

"Why, he makes straight A's," replied the coach.

"Wonderful!" said the sportswriter.

"Yes," agreed the coach, "but his B's are a just little crooked."How many NCAA basketball players does it take to change a light bulb?

Only one - but he gets money, a car, and three credit hours for it.What do soccer players drink?

Penaltea!At the cocktail party, one woman said to another, "Aren't you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger?" The other replied, "Yes I am, I married the wrong man."My mother-in-law was bitten by a mad dog in the street. 
"Oh, that's terrible" 
"Yes, it was terrible to watch the dog die slowly in convulsions."Two Tough Questions

Question 1:
If you knew a woman who was pregnant, who had 8 kids already, three who were deaf, two who were blind, one mentally retarded, and she had syphilis, would you recommend that she have an abortion?

Read the next question before looking at the answer for this one.

Question 2:
It is time to elect a new world leader, and only your vote counts. Here are the facts about the three leading candidates.

Candidate A -
Associates with crooked politicians, and consults with astrologists. He's had two Mistresses. He also chain smokes and drinks 8 to 10 martinis a day.

Candidate B -
He was kicked out of office twice, sleeps until noon, used opium in college and drinks a quart of whiskey every evening.

Candidate C -
He is a decorated war hero. He's a vegetarian, doesn't  smoke, drinks an occasional 
beer and never cheated on his wife.

Which of these candidates would be your choice? Decide first, no peeking, then scroll down for the answer.

 

-----------------------------------------------------------


Candidate A is Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Candidate B is Winston Churchill.
Candidate C is Adolph Hitler.

 
And, by the way, the answer to the abortion question: 
If you said yes, you just killed Beethoven.

Pretty interesting isn't it? Makes a person think before judging someone.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember: Amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic and in case you never saw this one...

Can you imagine working for a company that has a little more than 500 employees and has the following statistics:

* 29 have been accused of spousal abuse
* 7 have been arrested for fraud
* 19 have been accused of writing bad checks
* 117 have directly or indirectly bankrupted at least 2 businesses
* 3 have done time for assault
* 71 cannot get a credit card due to bad credit
* 14 have been arrested on drug-related charges
* 8 have been arrested for shoplifting
* 21 are currently defendants in lawsuits
* 84 have been arrested for drunk driving in the last year

Can you guess which organization this is?
Give up yet?

It's the 535 members of the United States Congress. The same group of idiots that crank out hundreds of new laws each year designed to keep the rest of us in line.How do you get holy water? 

You boil the hell out of it!Locomotive:  A crazy reason for a crime!A father watched his young son practice baseball in the backyard by throwing the ball up and swinging at it. Time and time again the bat missed contact. The boy noticed his father watching, and said, "Wow, Dad! Aren't I a great pitcher?"Bumper sticker: BE KIND TO ANIMALS. HUG A HOCKEY PLAYER.I found a way to make a horse stand perfectly still. Place a bet on him.If you receive an e-mail entitled "Badtimes", delete it IMMEDIATELY. Do not open it. This one is pretty nasty.
It will not only erase everything on your hard drive, but it will also delete anything on disks within 20 feet of your computer.
It demagnetizes the strips on ALL of your credit cards.
It reprograms your ATM access code, screws up the tracking on your VCR and uses subspace field harmonics to scratch any CD's you attempt to play. It will program your phone auto-dial to call only 900 numbers. 
IT WILL CAUSE YOUR TOILET TO FLUSH WHILE YOU ARE SHOWERING.
It will drink ALL your beer. FOR GOD'S SAKE, ARE YOU LISTENING?? 

It will leave dirty underwear on the coffee table when you are expecting company.
It will replace your shampoo with Nair (for those men out there, this is hair removal cream) and your Nair with Rogaine. 
It will cause you to run with scissors and throw things in a way that is only fun until someone loses an eye. 
It will rewrite your backup files, changing all your active verbs to passive tense and incorporating undetectable misspellings which grossly change the interpretations of key sentences. 
 
If the "Badtimes" message is opened in a Windows 95/98 environment, it will leave the toilet seat up and leave your hair dryer plugged in dangerously 
close to a full bathtub.
It will not only remove the forbidden tags from 
your mattresses and pillows, It will also refill your skimmed milk with whole milk. 

******* WARN AS MANY PEOPLE AS YOU CAN.******* 

And if you don't send this to 5,000 people in the next 20 seconds, you'll fart so hard that your right leg will spasm and shoot straight out in front of you, sending sparks that will ignite the person nearest you. 

Send to everyone ..... 
 
In case you are a blonde, this is a jokeIt was a dark, stormy, night. The marine was on his first assignment, and it was guard duty.

A general stepped out taking his dog for a walk. The nervous young private snapped to attention, made a perfect salute, and snapped out "Sir, good evening, sir!"

The general, out for some relaxation, returned the salute and said, "Good evening, soldier, nice night, isn't it?"

Well, it wasn't a nice night, but the private wasn't going to disagree with the general, so the he saluted again and replied, "Sir, yes sir!"

The general continued, "You know, there's something about a stormy night that I find soothing, it's really relaxing. Don't you agree?"

The private didn't agree, but then the private was just a private, and responded, "Sir, yes sir!"

The general, pointing at the dog, "This is a golden retriever, the best type of dog to train."

The private glanced at the dog, saluted yet again and said "Sir, yes sir!"

The general continued, "I got this dog for my wife."

The private simply said, "Good trade, Sir!"On reaching his plane seat a man is surprised to see a parrot strapped in next to him. He asks the stewardess for a coffee where upon the parrot squawks "And get me a whisky, you cow!" The stewardess, flustered, brings back a whisky for the parrot and forgets the coffee. 

When this omission is pointed out to her the parrot drains its glass and bawls, "And get me another whisky, you idiot". Quite upset, the girl comes back shaking with another whisky but still no coffee. 

Unaccustomed to such slackness the man tries the parrot's approach "I've asked you twice for a coffee, go and get it now or I'll kick you". 

The next moment, both he and the parrot have been wrenched up and thrown out of the emergency exit by two burly stewards. Plunging downwards the parrot turns to him and says "For someone who can't fly, you complain too much!"One day, Bill and Tom went to a restaurant for dinner. As soon as the waiter took out two steaks, Bill quickly picked out the bigger steak for himself.

Tom wasn't happy about that: "When are you going to learn to be polite?"

Bill: "If you had the chance to pick first, which one would you pick?"

Tom: "The smaller piece, of course."

Bill: "What are you whining about then? The smaller piece is what you want, right?"Q: How many consultants does it take to change a lightbulb?

A: I'll have an estimate for you a week from Monday.Excerpts from actual letters sent to landlords

Could you please send someone to fix our bath tap? My wife got her toe stuck in it and it is very uncomfortable for us. 

I want to complain about the farmer across the road. Every morning at 5:30 his cock wakes me up, and it is getting too much. 

When the workmen were here, they put their tools in my wife's new drawers and made a mess. Please send men with clean tools to finish the job and keep my wife happy.One day there was a woman who lost her cat named "LOVE." It was pretty dark outside and she lived in New York. So, thinking that he might be down the street, she put on her house-coat and went looking for him.

When a police officer stopped to ask what she was doing, she said very honestly, "I'm looking for LOVE." The policeman arrested her on the spot.10. I stopped caring about anniversaries when you stopped caring about cooking.

9. Today is our what?

8. Okay, let's celebrate, but do we have to celebrate together?

7. I thought we only celebrated important events?

6. You can celebrate anniversaries with your next husband.

5. You don't like what I pick out, so I thought, "Why bother?"

4. I got you a present worth a dollar for every time you were nice to me this year. Here's a $5 gift certificate for McDonald's.

3. If you want me to pretend like I care about our anniversary, I will.

2. You want to go out to dinner? Okay, okay, I'll take you to Pizza Hut if it'll shut ya up.

1. I thought you only had to celebrate anniversaries while you were still in love.What do u call, a hippopotamus that dances?
 A hiphopanominusHow do you make a Kleenex dance?

Put a little boogie in it!What is the square root of 69?

Ate something (8....)Why does Santa have 3 gardens? 

So he can ho ho ho.I used to think you were crazy, but now I can see your nutsQ:  How many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:  Four, one to change it and the other three to deny it.Q: How many believable, competent, "just right for the job" presidential candidates does it take to change a lightbulb ?
A: It's going to be a dark 4 years, isn't it?Q: How many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: Does it have to be a lightbulb?Why do firemen use red suspenders?

To hold their pants up!!!You're so dumb, you staple in the middle of the paper!Yo momma is so stupid that she gets lost in a telephone booth.Q: You know what's gross?

A: When you look in a mirror!Why didn't the chicken cross the road?

Because he was attempting to cross it when yo mamma got hungry.Q:What do you call a 500 pound Russian that can bend you like a bendy straw?

A:SirWhat's black and white and played all over?


Black and White (the computer game)Why did the chicken cross the playground?

To get to the other slide!How many nerds does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

One to be the cunsultant. 
One to be the labor manager.
Two to hire people.
Four to actually screw in the lightbulb.
Five to be the ladder and ten to be the company board of directors.How To Easily Clean A Cat 


1. Thoroughly clean the toilet. 

2. Add the required amount of shampoo to the toilet water, and have both lids lifted. 

3. Obtain the cat and soothe him while you carry him towards the bathroom. 

4. In one smooth movement, put the cat in the toilet and close both lids (you may need to stand on the lid so that he cannot escape). CAUTION: Do not get any part of your body too close to the edge, as his paws will be reaching out for any purchase they can find. The cat will self-agitate and make ample suds. Never mind the noises that come from your toilet, the cat is actually enjoying this. 

5. Flush the toilet three or four times. This provides a "powerwash and rinse" which I have found to be quite effective. 

6. Have someone open the door to the outside and ensure that there are no people between the toilet and the outside door. 

7. Stand behind the toilet as far as you can, and quickly lift both lids. 

8. The now-clean cat will rocket out of the toilet, and run outside where he will dry himself.Police in Los Angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just couldn't control himself during a lineup. When detectives asked each man in the lineup to repeat the words, "Give me all your money or I'll shoot," the man shouted, "That's not what I said!"The cop got out of his and walked up to the kid who was stopped for speeding. He rolled down his window.

"I've been waiting for you all day," the cop said.

The guy replied, "Yeah, well I got here as fast as I could." When the cop finally stopped laughing, he sent the kid on his way without a ticket.1. Eight hour lunch, two dollar tip.

2. Ask, "Excuse me, are you a really bad singer, or a really bad actor?"

3. After he describes each special, you shout, "Garbage!"

4. Whenever he walks by, cough and mutter, "Minimum wage".

5. Every few seconds, yell, "More waffles, Cuomo!"

6. Insist that before ordering, you be allowed to touch the London broil.

7. Tie tablecloth around neck and say, "You wouldn't charge Superman for dinner, would you?"

8. Every time you eat or drink, cough really hard.

9. As he walks by to the kitchen, scream, "He's gonna spit in the chowder!"

10. Three words: eat the check."Don't be afraid of the dog," said the lady to young Johnny,  who was delivering her groceries.  

"You know the old proverb, 'A barking dog never bites?'"

"Yes," replied young Johnny.  "You know the proverb.  I know the proverb.  But does your dog know the proverb?"Three little boys went into a candy store. "I want two cents worth of jelly beans," the first boy said to the clerk. The clerk frowned. The jelly beans were on the top self, and he didn't like climbing up there just to sell two cents worth, but he did it. When he came down, he put away his ladder and turned to the second boy.

"What will you have?" he asked.

"I'll have two cents worth of jelly beans, too," said the boy. Angrily, the clerk got the ladder and climbed up to get the jelly beans. While he was still up there, he turned to the third boy.

"You don't want two cents worth of jelly beans, do you?" asked the man.

"No, sir," answered the third boy, so the man climbed down and put away the ladder.

"Now, what do you want?" the clerk asked the boy.

"A nickel's worth of the jelly beans," replied the lad.Acquaintance:  A person you know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.

Bachelor:  A guy who gets to keep all his take-home pay.

Pedestrian:  A father who has teenagers who can drive.

Honesty:  The fear of being caught.

Zebra:  A horse prisoner.A fine-looking gentleman sat down in the main dining room of an expensive restaurant.  He ordered a big dinner and spent an hour enjoying himself.  After he was given the check, he summoned the head waiter.

"Ah, my friend," he said, "that was a delicious meal!  Perhaps you don't remember that I was a guest at this same table just about a year ago.  And at that time I couldn't pay the check, so you, sir had me thrown out in full view of all the other diners and thrown into the gutter just as if I were a bum!"

"I am so sorry, sir" said the head waiter. "But, you understand-"

"Oh it's quite all right!" interrupted the gentleman, but I'm afraid I'll have to trouble you again."What do you call a herd of white people?
Avalanche
What do you call a herd of black people?
Mudslide
What do you call a herd of mexicans?
Jailbreak!A successful, wealthy and very arrogant bigshot city lawyer and a redneck got into a car wreck on a hot summer day. The lawyer got out of his BMW and the redneck got out of his pickup to survey the damage, and the redneck realized he was at fault... 

"YOU STUPID REDNECK!" shouted the lawyer, looking with contempt at the redneck in his dirty overalls. 

"Now how am I gonna get outa this?" though the redneck to himself.  Then he had an idea...

After looking over the handsome, impeccably dressed and dignified city lawyer in his $2,000 navy blue pinstriped suit, carefully knotted red silk tie, starched white shirt, silver cufflinks and black dress shoes polished like mirrors, $1,000 briefcase and hundred dollar haircut, the redneck walked back to his car, got out a bottle, and brought it back. 

He handed it to the hotshot and said, "Here, you look pretty shook up. I think you ought to take a nip of this. It'll steady your nerves....IT'S HOMEMADE..." 

The lawyer did, but was so angry about the wreck, he refused to speak. The redneck then said, "You still look a little bit pale. How about another?" And the smug, pompous lawyer took another swallow. After a few minutes, he began to feel the heat of the sun through his wool suit.

Then the redneck said "It's mighty hot today. Folks 'round here don't usually wear shoes on a day like those. Why don't you take off them fancy shoes, and the socks, too?"

The lawyer frowned: "Take off my shoes and socks? Do I LOOK like someone who would walk around barefoot? That's fine for hicks, but not for a professional like ME! These are $500 shoes!"

But after a few more sips, the redneck asked him again, and then again, and then again, and finally the lawyer, feeling the white lightnin',  let out a laugh and took off his polished shoes and socks. Then the redneck said: "Why don't you take off that fancy necktie?"

The lawyer said: "My tie!", but in a minute, the silk tie was dropped on top of the shoes and the socks.

The redneck grinned and held up an extra pair of overalls he found in his pickup. "And that fancy business suit? You look kind of funny standing there barefoot in a suit on a 100 degree day! You can wear these while we figger out what to do about this situation!"

The lawyer tried to give him an arrogant look, but he was feeling the heat of the sun and the liquor. He tried to resist, but...

Off came the jacket of the $2,000 pinstriped suit. Then the starched white shirt. Finally, the trousers, too, and the lawyer pulled on the overalls. 

"Now ain't that more comfortable?!" said the redneck.

At the urging of the redneck, the lawyer then took another sip, and another, and another. 

The suspenders and the cufflinks and the briefcase were all in a heap now, and the lawyer was having a hard time standing up. After another half hour, the lawyer said he was feeling pretty good, and asked the redneck if he didn't think that he ought to have a little nip, too. Then he realized he couldn't find the redneck...

"Not me", the redneck replied, stepping out from behind a tree. The lawyer stared at him in shock, but was now so drunk he couldn't stand up.  The redneck was wearing the lawyer's clothes, holding his briefcase, shaving with a razor he found in the briefcase and holding the keys to his BMW. 

Then he reached over and pulled the Rolex off the lawyer's arm and as a final touch, rubbed some dirt into the lawyer's manicured hands and expensive haircut. He looked at the formerly well-dressed and dignified lawyer, sitting in the dirt, barefoot in overalls and drunk as a skunk and looking like a true redneck, "I'm waiting for the state trooper." . . . . . .NOTE: This is a true story of a real call to a computor company tech support.

One day a guy calls tech support. this is how it went...

Cust: Hello?

TS: Hello

Cust: Yeah, my cup holder broke and my computor is still under warranty, so I would like to get it replaced.

TS: Ummm cup holder?

Cust: yeah cup holder...

TS: Ummm did you get it with a promotional offer?

Cust: No

TS: Umm are you sure you got the right company?

Cust: Yeah

TS: Ummm... im sorry if i sound confused, because i am.

Cust: Well its square, and its on the front of the computor, and it comes out when you press a button...

At this point the Tech support guy had to put the guy on hold, so he could finish laughing... 

The guy had broken his CD-rom drive, thinking it was a cup holder.Guy1: Thats a bunch of cows.
Farmer: No, a herd.
Guy1: Of course I've heard of cows.
Farmer:.No, I mean the cow herd
Guy1: I have no secrets from cowsIf using a touch-tone, press random numbers while ordering. Ask the person taking the order to stop doing that.

Make up a charge-card name. Ask if they accept it.

Use CB lingo where applicable.

Order a Big Mac Extra Value Meal.

Terminate the call with, "Remember, we never had this conversation."

Tell the order taker a rival pizza place is on the other line and you're going with the lowest bidder.

Give them your address, exclaim "Oh, just surprise me!" and hang up.

Answer their questions with questions.

In your breathiest voice, tell them to cut the crap about nutrition and ask if they have something outlandishly sinful.

Use these bonus words in the conversation: ROBUST FREE-SPIRITED COST-EFFICIENT UKRAINIAN PUCE.

Tell them to put the crust on top this time.

Sing the order to the tune of your favorite song from Metallica's "Master of Puppets" CD.

Do not name the toppings you want. Rather, spell them out.

Put an extra edge in your voice when you say "crazy bread."

Stutter on the letter "p."

Ask for a deal available somewhere else. (e.g. If phoning Domino's, ask for a Cheeser! Cheeser!)

Ask what the order taker is wearing.

Crack your knuckles into the receiver.

Say hello, act stunned for five seconds, then behave as if they called you.

Rattle off your order with a determined air. If they ask if you would like drinks with that, panic and become disoriented.

Tell the order taker you're depressed. Get him/her to cheer you up.

Make a list of exotic cuisines. Order them as toppings.

Change your accent every three seconds.

Order 52 pepperoni slices prepared in a fractal pattern as follows from an equation you are about to dictate. Ask if they need paper.

Act like you know the order taker from somewhere. Say "Bed-Wetters' Camp, right?"

Start your order with "I'd like. . . ". A little later, slap yourself and say "No, I don't."

If they repeat the order to make sure they have it right, say "OK. That'll be $10.99; please pull up to the first window."

Rent a pizza.

Order while using an electric knife sharpener.

Ask if you get to keep the pizza box. When they say yes, heave a sigh of relief.

Put the accent on the last syllable of "pepperoni." Use the long "i" sound.

Have your pizza "shaken, not stirred."

Say "Are you sure this is (Pizza Place)? When they say yes, say "Well, so is this! You've got some explaining to do!" When they finally offer proof that it is, in fact, (Pizza Place), start to cry and ask, "Do you know what it's like to be lied to?"

Move the mouthpiece farther and farther from your lips as you speak. When the call ends, jerk the mouthpiece back into place and scream goodbye at the top of your lungs.

Tell them to double-check to make sure your pizza is, in fact, dead.

Imitate the order taker's voice.

Eliminate verbs from your speech.

When they say "What would you like?" say, "Huh? Oh, you mean now."

Play a sitar in the background.

Say it's your anniversary and you'd appreciate if the deliverer hid behind some furniture waiting for your spouse to arrive so you can surprise him/her.

Amuse the order taker with little-known facts about country music.

Ask to see a menu.

Quote Carl Sandberg.

Say you'll be able to pay for this when the movie people call back.

Ask if they have any idea what is at stake with this pizza.

Ask what topping goes best with well-aged Chardonnay.

Belch directly into the mouthpiece; then tell your dog it should be ashamed.

Order a slice, not a whole pizza.

Shout "I'm through with men/women! Send me a dozen of your best, Gaston!"

Doze off in the middle of the order, catch yourself, and say "Where was I? Who are you?"

Psychoanalyze the order taker.

Ask what their phone number is. Hang up, call them, and ask again.

Order two toppings, then say, "No, they'll start fighting."

Learn to properly pronounce the ingredients of a Twinkie. Ask that these be included in the pizza.

Call to complain about service. Later, call to say you were drunk and didn't mean it.

Tell the order taker to tell the manager to tell his supervisor he's fired.

Report a petty theft to the order taker.

Use expletives like "Great Caesar's Ghost" and "Jesus Joseph and Mary in Tinsel Town."

Ask for the guy who took your order last time.

If he/she suggests anything, adamantly declare, "I shall not be swayed by your sweet words."

Wonder aloud if you should trim those nose hairs.

Try to talk while drinking something.

Start the conversation with "My Call to (Pizza Place), Take 1, and. . . action!"

Ask if the pizza is organically grown.

Ask about pizza maintenance and repair.

Be vague in your order.

When they repeat your order, say "Again, with a little more OOMPH this time."

If using a touch-tone press 9-1-1 every 5 seconds throughout the order.

After ordering, say "I wonder what THIS button on the phone does." Simulate a cutoff.

Start the conversation by reciting today's date and saying, "This may be my last entry."

State your order and say that's as far as this relationship is going to get.

Ask if they're familiar with the term "spanking a pizza." Make up a description to go with the term. Ask that this be done to your pizza.

Say "Kssssssssssssssht" rather loudly into the phone. Ask if they felt that.

Detect the order taker's psychic aura. Use it to your advantage.

When listing toppings you want on your pizza, include another pizza.

Learn to play a blues riff on the harmonica. Stop talking at regular intervals to play it.

Ask if they would like to sample your pizza. Suggest an even trade.

Perfect a celebrity's voice. Stress that you won't take any crap from some two-bit can't-hack-it pimple-faced gofer.

Put them on hold.

Teach the order taker a scret code. Use the code on all subsequent orders.

Mumble, "There's a bomb under your seat." When asked to repeat that, say "I said 'sauce smothered with meat'."

Make the first topping you order mushrooms. Make the last thing you say "No mushrooms, please." Hang up before they have a chance to respond.

When the order is repeated, change it slightly. When it is repeated again, change it again. On the third time, say "You just don't get it, do you?"

When you'ge given the price, say "Ooooooo, that sounds complicated. I hate math."

Haggle.

Order a one-inch pizza.

Order term life insurance.

When they say "Will that be all?", snicker and say "We'll find out, won't we?"

Order with a Speak-n-Spell where applicable.

Ask how many dolphins were killed to make that pizza.

While on the phone, fake entering puberty. Fluctuate pitch often; act embarrassed.

Engage in some serious swapping.

Dance all around the word "pizza." Avoid saying it at all costs. If he/she says it, say "Please don't mention that word."

Have a movie with a good car chase scene playing loudly in the background. Yell "OW!" when a bullet is fired.

If he/she suggests a side order, ask why he/she is punishing you.

Ask if the pizza has had its shots.

Order a steamed pizza.

Get taker's name. Later, call exactly on the hour to say, "This is your (time of day) wake-up call, So-and-so." Hang up.

Offer to pay for the pizza with a public flogging.

If any of the above practices are rejected by the order taker, Say, in your best pouty voice, "Last guy let me do it."One dark night outside a small town, a fire started inside the local chemical plant and in a blink it exploded into flames.

The alarm went out to the fire departments from miles around. When the volunteer fire fighters appeared on the scene, the chemical company president rushed to the fire chief and said,"All of our
secret formulas are in the vault in the center of the plant. They must be saved. I will give $50,000 to the fire department that brings them out intact.

But the roaring flames held the firefighters off.

Soon more fire departments had to be called in as the situation became desperate. As the firemen arrived, the president shouted out that the offer was now $100,000 to the fire department who could
bring out the company's secret files.

From the distance, a lone siren was heard as another fire truck came into sight. It was the nearby rural township volunteer fire company of Danielson, composed entirely of men over the age of 65.

To everyone's amazement, the little run-down fire engine passed all the newer sleek engines parked outside the plant and drove straight into the middle of the inferno. Outside the other firemen watched as the old timers jumped off and began to fight the fire with a performance and effort never seen before.

Within a short time, the old timers had extinguished the fire and saved the secret formulas.

The grateful chemical company president joyfully accounced that for such a superhuman feat he was upping the reward to $200,000, and walked over to personally thank each of the brave, though elderly, fire fighters.

The local TV news reporters rushed in after capturing the event on film asking, "What are you going to do with all that money"?

"Well," said Mo, the 70-year-old fire chief, The first thing we are going to do is fix the brakes on that f*cking truck"!Give away something other than candy. (Toothpicks, golf balls, AOL Disks, etc.) 

Wait behind the door until some people come. When they get near the door, jump out, wearing a costume, and holding a bag, and yell, "Trick or Treat!" Look at them, scratch your head, and act confused. 

Fill a briefcase with marbles and crackers. Write on it, "Top Secret" in big letters. When trick-or-treaters come, look around suspiciously, say, "It's about time you got here," give them the briefcase, and quickly shut the door. 

Get about 30 people to wait in your living room. When trick-or-treaters come to the door, say, "Come in." When they do, have everyone yell, "Surprise!!!" Act like it's a surprise party. 

Get everyone who comes to the door to come in and see if they can figure out what's wrong with your dishwasher. Insist that it makes an unnatural "whirring" sound. 

After you give them candy, hand the trick-or-treaters a bill. 

Open the door dressed as a giant fish. Immediately collapse, and don't move or say anything until the trick-or-treaters go away. 

When you answer the door, hold up one candybar, throw it out into the street, and yell, "Crawl for it!" 

When you answer the door, look at the trick-or-treaters, act shocked and scared, and start screaming your head off. Slam the door and runaround the house, screaming until they go away. 

Insist that the trick-or-treaters each do ten push-ups before you give them any candy. 

Hand out menus to the trick-or-treaters and let them order their candy. Keep asking if anyone wants to see the wine list. 

Get a catapult. Sit on your porch and catapult pumpkins at anyone who comes within 50 yards of your house. 

When people come to the door, jump out a nearby window, crashing through the glass, and run as far away from your house as you can. 

Answer the door dressed as a pilgrim. Stare at the trick-or-treaters for a moment, pretend to be confused, and start flipping through a calendar. 

Instead of candy, give away colored eggs. If anyone protests, explain that the eggs are the only thing you had left over from Easter. 

Answer the door dressed as a dentist. Angrily give the trick-or-treaters a two-hour lecture on tooth decay. 

Answer the door with a mouthful of M & M's and several half-eaten candy bars in your hands. Act surprised, and close the door. Open it again in a few seconds, and insist that you don't have any candy. 

Hand out cigarettes and bottles of asprin. 

Put a crown on a pumpkin and put the pumpkin on a throne on your porch. Insist that all of the trick-or-treaters bow before the pumpkin. 

Dress up like a bunny rabbit. Yell and curse from the moment you open the door, and angrily throw the candy at the trick-or-treaters. Slam the door when you're finished.In school one day, the teacher decided that in science class she would teach about the elements. So she stood in the front of the class and said, "Children, if you could have one raw element in the world what would it be?" 
Little Stevie raised his hand and said, "I would want gold, because gold is worth a lot of money and I could buy a Porsche." 

The teacher nodded and called on little Susie. 

Little Susie said, "I would want platinum, because platinum is worth more than gold and I could buy a Corvette" 

The teacher smiled and then called on Little Johnny. Little Johnny stood up and said, "I would want silicon." 

The teacher said, "Why Johnny?" 

He responded by saying, "Because my mom has two bags of it and you should see all the sports cars outside our house!"Friends are like condoms, they protect you when things get hard.While working for an organization that delivers lunches to elderly shut-ins, I used to take my four-year-old daughter on my afternoon rounds. 

She was unfailingly intrigued by the various appliances of old age, particularly the canes, walkers and wheelchairs. 

One day I found her staring at a pair of false teeth soaking in a glass. 

As I braced myself for the inevitable barrage of questions, she merely turned and whispered, "The tooth fairy will never believe this!"A little boy opened the big and old family Bible with fascination, he looked at the old pages as he turned them. Then something fell out of the Bible and he picked up and looked at it closely. It was an old leaf from a tree that has been pressed in between pages. 
"Momma, look what I found," the boy called out. "What have you got there, dear?" his mother asked. With astonishment in the young boy's voice he answered: 

"It's Adam's suit!"Q. How do you know when you're REALLY ugly? 
A. Your dog humps your leg with his eyes closedMan: Haven't I seen you someplace before?
Woman: Yes, that's why I don't go there anymore.

Man: Is this seat empty?
Woman: Yes, and this one will be if you sit down.

Man: Your place or mine?
Woman: Both. You go to yours, and I'll go to mine.

Man: So, what do you do for a living?
Woman: I'm a female inpersonator.

Man: Hey baby, what's your sign?
Woman: Do not enter.

Man: How do you like your eggs in the morning?
Woman: Unfertilized.

Man: Your body is like a temple.
Woman: Sorry, there are no services today.

Man: I would go to the end of the world for you.
Woman: But would you stay there?

Man: If I could see you naked, I'd die happy.
Woman: If I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.A woman was chatting with her next-door neighbor. "I feel really good today. I started out this morning with an act of unselfish generosity. I gave a five dollar bill to a bum."

"You gave a bum five whole dollars? That's a lot of money to just give away. What did your husband say about it?"

"Oh, he thought it was the proper thing to do. He said, 'Thanks.'"A man, fond of practical jokes, decided late one night to send his friend a collect telegram which read, "I am perfectly well."

A week later, the joker received a heavy parcel - collect - on which he had to pay considerable charges. Upon opening it, he found a big block of concrete which had this message, "This is the weight your telegram lifted from my mind."While enjoying an early morning breakfast in a northern Arizona cafe, four elderly ranchers were discussing everything from cattle, horses, and weather to how things used to be in the "good old days."

Eventually the conversation moved on to their spouses. One gentleman turned to the fellow on his right and asked, "Roy, aren't you and your bride celebrating your 50th wedding anniversary soon?"

"Yup, we sure are," Roy replied.

"Well, are you gonna do anything special to celebrate?" another man asked.

The old gentleman pondered this for a moment, then replied, "For our 25th anniversary, I took the misses to Tucson. For our 50th, I'm thinking about going down there again to pick her up."1. Happy Anniversery!

2.You're wearing THAT to the party!!??

3.Do I look fat in this?

4.You didn't know it was my birthday today!?

5.Oh my god! Can't we just be friends!

6.Listen honey we have to talk... I think, I'm pregnant.

7.Here's 100 dollars!

8.Hey! Is it okay if some of my friends come over to watch football and we go crazy when our team loses.

9.Sweetie can we not do it tonight?

10.Honey I'm home! How have you been today?!1. Happy aniversery!

2. Do I look fat in this?

3. Heres 100 dollars! Buy whatever you want.

4. I think im pregnant.

5. Do you wanna come shopping with me and my 
friends? We're going to Victoria's Secret.

6. I'm cheating on you with 1 other man and 2 women.

7. Hunney...  can we not do it tonight. I'm just not in the mood.

8. Do you just wanna go on a vacation just me and you?  We can go to the Bahamas!

9. I'm sorry.

10. Whenever you wanna get divorced just tell me.Hunny,  you forgot to put down the toilet seat again.

Oh my God! you don't know how to fix a car.

Wife says: How do I look?  
Man: Terrible, go change!Three men, a fat man, a Russian, and a Puerto Rican, are standing on a bridge. The Russian removes a bottle of vodka from his coat, takes a sip, and then throws the bottle over the bridge.

The Puerto Rican asks, "Why did you do that? That was perfectly good bottle of vodka!"

The Russian replies, "There's plenty of that where I come from."

The Puerto Rican doesn't want to be upstaged, so he removes a joint from his pocket, takes a long puff, and then throws the rest of it over the bridge.

The fat man exclaims, "Hey! What the hell did you do that for? That was a perfectly good joint!"

The Puerto Rican replies, "There's plenty of that where I come from."

Now, the fat man doesn't want to be upstaged, so he searches through his pockets but he can't find anything. He looks around for a moment, then rips off his stomach and throws it over the bridge.

The Russian exclaims, "What the hell did you do that for?Thats gross!"

The American replies, "There's plenty of that where I come from."A husband is at home watching a football game when his wife interrupts, "Honey, could you fix the light in the hallway? It's been flickering for weeks now."

He looks at her and says angrily, "Fix the light? Now? Does it look like I have a G.E. logo printed on my forehead? I don't think so."

"Well, then, could you fix the fridge door? It won't close properly."

To which he replies, "Fix the fridge door? Does it look like I have a Westinghouse logo printed on my forehead? I don't think so."

"Fine," she says, "Then, would you at least fix the steps to the front door? They're a mess and a real hazard."

"I'm not a damn carpenter and I don't want to fix the steps," he says. "Does it look like I have a Black and Decker logo printed on my forehead? I don't think so." He continued, "In fact, I've had enough of all your bickering. I'm going to the bar!"

So, the pleasant husband goes to the bar and drinks for a couple hours. Sometime later, he starts to feel guilty about his treatment of his wife, so he decides to return home and help out with the chores.

As he walks into the house, he notices the steps have been repaired. Then, as he enters the house, he notices the hall light is working again, and, to top it off, when he goes to get a beer from the fridge, he notices the fridge door has been fixed.

"Honey, how'd this all get fixed?"

His wife replies, "Well, when you left, I sat outside and cried. Just then, a nice young man asked me what was wrong, and I told him. He offered to do all the repairs, and all I had to do was either have sex with him or bake him a cake."

"So, what kind of cake did you bake him?" asks the husband.

"Hellooooooo!" she replies emphatically, "Do you see a Betty Crocker logo printed on my forehead? I don't think so!"After a few days, the Lord called to Adam and said, "It is time for you and Eve to begin the process of populating the earth so I  want you to kiss her."  

Adam answered, "Yes Lord, but what is a kiss?"
      
So the Lord gave  a brief description to Adam who took Eve by the hand and took her to a nearby bush.  A few minutes later, Adam   emerged and said, "Thank you Lord, that was enjoyable." 
      
And the Lord replied, "Yes Adam, I thought you might enjoy that and now I'd like you to caress Eve." 

Adam said, "What is a caress?" 

So the Lord again gave Adam a brief description and Adam went behind the bush with Eve.  Quite a few minutes later, Adam returned, smiling, and said, "Lord, that was even better than the kiss."  
      
And the Lord said, "'You've done well Adam. And now I want you to make love to Eve." 

Adam asked, "What is 'make love' Lord?" 

So the Lord again gave Adam directions and Adam went behind the bush with Eve, but this time he reappeared in two seconds.       
       
And Adam said, "Lord, what is a headache?"Virginity like bubble, one prick, all gone. 

Man who run in front of car get tired. 

Man who run behind car get exhausted. 

Man with hand in pocket feel cocky all day. 

Foolish man give wife grand piano, wise man
give wife upright organ. 

Man who walk through airport turnstile
sideways going to Bangkok. 

Man with one chopstick go hungry. 

Man who scratch ass should not bite fingernails. 

Panties not best thing on earth but next to best thing on earth. 

War does not determine who is right, war  determine who is left. 

Wife who put husband in doghouse soon find him in cat house. 

Man who fight with wife all day get no piece at night. 

It take many nails to build crib, but one screw to fill it. 

Man who drive like hell, bound to get there. 

Man who fart in church sit in own pew. 

Crowded elevator smell different to midget.THE CLINTON Virus...(Gives you a 7-Inch Hard Drive with NO memory.) 

THE BOB DOLE (AKA: VIAGRA) virus...(Makes a new hard drive out of an old floppy) 

THE LEWINSKY virus...(Sucks all the memory out of your computer, 
then emails your best friends about what it did). 

THE RONALD REAGAN virus...(Saves your data, but forgets where it is stored) 

THE MIKE TYSON virus...(Quits after two bytes) 

THE OPRAH WINFREY virus... (Your 300 mb hard drive shrinks to  100 mb, then slowly expands to restabilize around 200.) 

THE JACK KEVORKIAN virus...(Deletes all old files) 

THE PROZAC virus...(Totally screws up your RAM, but your processor doesn't care) 

THE JOEY BUTTAFUOCO virus...(Only attacks minor files) 

THE ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER virus...(Terminates some files,  leaves,  but will be back)        and last but not least............... 

THE LORENA BOBBITT virus... (Reformats your hard drive into  a 3.5 inch floppy, then discards it through Windows)After the fall in Garden of Eden, Adam was walking with his sons Cain and Abel.

They passed by the ruins of the Garden of Eden. One of the boys asked, "What's that?" Adam replied, "Boys, that's where your mother ate us out of house and home."A preacher phoned the city's newspaper. "Thank you very much," said he, "for the error you made when you announced my sermon topic for last Sunday. The topic I sent you was 'What Jesus Saw in A Publican.' You printed it as 'What Jesus Saw in a Republican' I had the biggest crowd of the year!"The crumbling, old church building needed remodeling, so the preacher made an impassioned appeal, looking directly at the richest man in town. At the end of the message, the rich man stood up and announced, "Pastor, I will contribute $1,000." Just then, plaster fell from the ceiling and struck the rich man on the shoulder. He promptly stood again and shouted, "Pastor, I will increase my donation to $5,000." Before he could sit back down, plaster fell on him again, and again he virtually screamed, "Pastor, I will double my last pledge." He sat down, and an larger chunk of plaster fell hitting him on the head. He stood once more and hollered, "Pastor, I will give $20,000!" This prompted a deacon to shout, "Hit him again, Lord! Hit him again!"A man named Jack was walking along a steep cliff one day, when he accidentally got too close to the edge and fell. On the way down he grabbed a branch, which temporarily stopped his fall. He looked down and to his horror saw that the canyon fell straight down for more than a thousand feet. 

He couldn't hang onto the branch forever, and there was no way for him to climb up the steep wall of the cliff. So Jack began yelling for help, hoping that someone passing by would hear him and lower a rope or something. 

"HELP! HELP! Is anyone up there? "HELP!" 

He yelled for a long time, but no one heard him. He was about to give up when he heard a voice. "Jack, Jack, can you hear me?" 

"Yes, yes! I can hear you. I'm down here!" 

"I can see you, Jack. Are you all right?" 

"Yes, but who are you, and where are you?" 

"I am the Lord, Jack. I'm everywhere." 

"The Lord? You mean, GOD?" 

"That's Me." 

"God, please help me! I promise if you'll get me down from here, I'll stop sinning. I'll be a really good person. I'll serve You for the rest of my life." 

"Easy on the promises, Jack. Let's get you off from there; then we can talk. Now, here's what I want you to do. Listen carefully." 

"I'll do anything, Lord. Just tell me what to do." 

"Okay. Let go of the branch."

"What?"

"I said, let go of the branch. Just trust Me. Let go." 

There was a long silence. 

Finally Jack yelled, "HELP! HELP! IS ANYONE ELSE UP THERE?"A new pastor moved into town and went out one Saturday to visit his parishioners. All went well until he came to one house. It was obvious that someone was home, but no one came to the door even after he had knocked several times. Finally, he took out his card and wrote on the back: Revelation 3:20 and stuck it in the door. 

The next day, as he was counting the offering he found his card in the collection plate. Below his message was the notation Genesis 3:10. 

Revelation 3:20 reads: "Behold I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice, and opens the door, I will come in to him, and will dine with him, and he with me." 

Genesis 3:10 reads: "And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked."A Little boy was afraid of the dark. One night his mother told him to go out to the back porch and bring her the broom. The little boy turned to his mother and said, "Mama, I don't want to go out there. It's dark." The mother smiled reassuringly at her son. "You don't have to be afraid of the dark," she explained. "Jesus is out there. He'll look after you and protect you." 

The little boy looked at his mother real hard and asked, "Are you sure he's out there?" "Yes, I'm sure. He is everywhere, and he is always ready to help you when you need him," she said. 

The little boy thought about that for a minute and then went to the back door and cracked it a little. Peering out into the darkness, he called "Jesus? If you're out there, would you please hand me the broom?This husband and wife couldn't have any children, so they went to the pastor and asked for prayer.

The pastor prayed for them and annointed them with oil.

Sure enough, about 9 months later they had triplet babies. The couple once again showed up at the pastor's study and as soon as the woman saw the pastor she ran up to him, threw her arms around him and gave him the biggest hug. "What was that all about"? he asked.

She replied, "I'm just glad you used three in one oil and not WD40."A mother was preparing pancakes for her sons Kevin, 5, and Ryan, 3. The boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake. Their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson; "If Jesus were sitting here, He would say 'Let my brother have the first pancake, I can wait.'" Kevin turned to his younger brother and said, "Ryan, you be Jesus!"At Sunday School, they were teaching how God created everything, including human beings. Little Johnny, a child in the kindergarten class, seemed especially intent when they told him how Eve was created out of one of Adam's ribs.

Later in the week, his mother noticed him lying as though he were ill, and said, "Johnny, what is the matter?"

Little Johnny responded, "I have a pain in my side. I think I'm going to have a wife."This form is designed for excuse you'll need for the trouble you've caused.. Whenever there's a multiple choice, pick the one that works best for your situation and use it.  

Dear:
a) Mom
b) Dad
c) Love of my life
d) Teacher
e) Local Police Chief 

Words cannot begin to express how sorry I am that your
a) Car
b) House
c) Pet
d) Hair
e) Left arm 

was severely damaged by my

a) infantile
b) puerile
c) inept
d) comically brilliant but nonetheless sadistic
e) woefully under appreciated 

prank.

How could I have known that the

a) car
b) jet ski
c) large helium balloon
d) rodent driven sledge
e) Zamboni 

I was riding in would go so far out of control? And while it is true that I should not have pointed it in the direction of your

a) house
b) wife
c) Cub Scout troop
d) 1/16th sized replica of the Statue of Liberty, complete with lightbulb in the torch
e) priceless collection of Rolling Rock beer cans, 

you must understand that it was all meant in fun. The subsequent carnage that I caused is beyond my ability to

a) imagine
b) fathom
c) comprehend
d) appreciate
e) pay for 

and I must therefore humbly ask your forgiveness. I know that you are perfectly within your rights to

a) hate me
b) sue me
c) spank me
d) take my firstborn
e) gouge out my eyes with spoons and feed them to the fish in your koi pond, 

but I ask you to remember all the good times we've had, joshing around at

a) school
b) work
c) church
d) the bowling alley
e) the municipal jail, 

and to remember that I am first and foremost your

a) friend
b) child
c) sibling
d) lease co-signer
e) only possible match should you ever need a bone marrow transplant. 

I think that counts for more than one prank, especially one that

a) was so stupid
b) was so silly
c) would have been funny if it worked
d) you would have done, if you had thought of it first
e) I'm going to use again on someone else.The following were answers provided by 6th graders during a history test. Watch the spelling! Some of the best humor is in the misspelling.


Ancient Egypt was inhabited by mummies and they all wrote in hydraulics. They lived in the Sarah Dessert. The climate of the Sarah is such that all the inhabitants have to live elsewhere.

Moses led the Hebrew slaves to the Red Sea where they made unleavened read, which is bread made without any ingredients. Moses went up on Mount Cyanide to get the ten commandments. He died before he ever reached Canada.

Solomon had three hundred wives and seven hundred porcupines.

The Greeks were a highly sculptured people, and without them we wouldn't have history. The Greeks also had myths. A myth is a female moth.

Socrates was a famous Greek teacher who went around giving people advice. They killed him. Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock. After his death, his career suffered a dramatic decline.

In the Olympic games, Greeks ran races, jumped, hurled biscuits, and threw the java.

Julius Caesar extinguished himself on the battlefields of Gaul. The Ides of March murdered him because they thought he was going to be made king. Dying, he gasped out: "Tee hee, Brutus."

Joan of Arc was burnt to a steak and was canonized by Bernard Shaw.

Queen Elizabeth was the "Virgin Queen." As a queen she was a success. When she exposed herself before her troops they all shouted "hurrah."

It was an age of great inventions and discoveries. Gutenberg invented removable type and the Bible. Another important invention was the circulation of blood. Sir Walter Raleigh is a historical figure because he invented cigarettes and started smoking. Sir Francis Drake circumsized the world with a 100 foot clipper.

The greatest writer of the Renaissance was William Shakespeare. He was born in the year 1564, supposedly on his birthday. He never made much money and is famous only because of his plays. He wrote tragedies, comedies, and hysterectomies, all in Islamic pentameter. Romeo and Juliet are an example of a heroic couple. Romeo's last wish was to be laid by Juliet.

Writing at the same time as Shakespeare was Miguel Cervantes. He wrote Donkey Hote. The next great author was John Milton. Milton wrote Paradise Lost. Then his wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.

Delegates from the original 13 states formed the Contented Congress. Thomas Jefferson, a Virgin, and Benjamin Franklin were two singers of the Declaration of Independence. Franklin discovered electricity by rubbing two cats backward and declared, "A horse divided against itself cannot stand." Franklin died in 1790 and is still dead.

Abraham Lincoln became America's greatest Precedent. Lincoln's mother died in infancy, and he was born in a log cabin which he built with his own hands. Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves by signing the Emasculation Proclamation. On the night of April 14, 1865, Lincoln went to the theater and got shot in his seat by one of the actors in a moving picture show. They believe the assinator was John Wilkes Booth, a supposingly insane actor. This ruined Booth's career.

Johann Bach wrote a great many musical compositions and had a large number of children. In between he practiced on an old spinster which he kept up in his attic. Bach died from 1750 to the present. Bach was the most famous composer in the world and so was Handel. Handel was half German, half Italian, and half English. He was very large.

Beethoven wrote music even though he was deaf. He was so deaf he wrote loud music. He took long walks in the forest even when everyone was calling for him. Beethoven expired in 1827 and later died for this.

The nineteenth century was a time of a great many thoughts and inventions. People stopped reproducing by hand and started reproducing by machine. The invention of the steamboat caused a network of rivers to spring up. Cyrus McCormick invented the McCormick raper, which did the work of a hundred men. Louis Pasteur discovered a cure for rabbits. Charles Darwin was a naturalist who wrote the Organ of the Species. Madman Curie discovered the radio. And Karl Marx became one of the Marx Brothers.John invited his mother over for dinner. During the meal, his mother couldn't help noticing how beautiful John's roommate Julie was. She had long been suspicious of a relationship between John and his roommate, and this only made her more curious. 

Over the course of the evening, while watching the two interact, she started to wonder if there was more between John and the roommate than met the eye. Reading his mom's thoughts, John volunteered, "I know what you must be thinking, but I assure you, Julie and I are just roommates." 

About a week later, Julie came to John and said, "Ever since your mother came to dinner, I can't find the beautiful silver gravy ladle. You don't suppose she took it, do you?" John said, "Well, I doubt it, but I'll write her a letter just to be sure." 

So he sat down and wrote: "Dear Mother, I'm not saying you 'did' take a gravy ladle from my house, and I'm not saying you 'did not' take a gravy ladle. But the fact remains that one has been missing ever since you were here for dinner. Love, John" 

Several days later, John received a letter from his mother which read: "Dear Son, I'm not saying that you 'do' sleep with Julie, and I'm not saying that you 'do not' sleep with Julie. But the fact remains that if she were sleeping in her own bed, she would have found the gravy ladle by now. Love, Mom"1. Do not say what you mean. Ever.

2. Cry. Cry often.

3. Bring things up that were said, done, or thought years, months, or decades ago...or with other boyfriends.

4. Make them apologize for everything.

5. Get mad at them for everything.

6. Demand to be called or e-mailed. Often. Whine when they don't comply.

7. Use daddy as a weapon. Tell them about his gun collection, his quick trigger finger, and his affection for his Little Princess.

8. Be late for everything. Yell if they're late.

9. Criticize the way they dress.

10. Talk about your ex-boyfriend 24/7. Then compare and contrast.The following are copies of actual written statements submitted to the police on report forms. The drivers were instructed to give brief statements on the particulars of the accident in their own words. 

Here are some examples ....... 

Woman Driver: I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way. 

Man Driver: A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face. 
 
Woman Driver: The guy was all over the road, I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him. 

Man Driver: I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my Mother-in-law and headed over the embankment. 

Man Driver: In my attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a telephone pole. 

Man Driver: I had been driving my car for forty years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had the accident. 

Woman Driver: I saw the slow moving, sad face, old gentleman as he bounced off the hood of my car. 

Woman Driver: I had been learning to drive with power steering. I turned the wheel to what I thought was enough and found myself in a different direction going the opposite way. 

Man Driver: I was on my way to the doctor's with rear end trouble when my universal joint gave way causing me to have an accident. 

Man Driver: To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front, I struck the pedestrian. 

Woman Driver: My car was legally parked as it backed into the other vehicle. 

Woman Driver: An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my vehicle and vanished. 
 
Man Driver: The pedestrian had no idea which direction to go, so I ran over him. 

Man Driver: My girlfriend kissed me. I lost control and woke up in the hospital.Grandchildren are God's reward
for not killing your children.A wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening. The woman of the house decided to give their butler, Jerves, the rest of the night off. She said they would be home very late, and that he should just enjoy his evening. 

As it turned out, however, the wife wasn't having a good time at the party, so she came home early, alone. Her husband had to stay with the others since several of his important clients were there. 

As the woman walked into her house, she saw Jerves 
sitting by himself in the dining room. She called for 
him to follow her, and led him into the master bedroom. She then closed and locked the door. 

She looked at him and smiled. "Jerves," she said, "take off my dress." He did this carefully. "Jerves," she continued, "take off my stockings and garter." He silently obeyed her. "Jerves," she then said, "remove my bra and panties." As he did this, the tension continued to mount. 

She looked at him and then said, "Jerves, if I ever 
catch you wearing my clothes again, you're fired!"This Is From A Florida Newspaper...

A man was working on his motorcycle on his patio and his wife was in the house in the kitchen. The man was racing the engine on the motorcycle and somehow, the motorcycle slipped into gear. The man, still holding the handlebars, was dragged through a glass patio door and along with the motorcycle dumped onto the floor inside the house. 

The wife, hearing the crash,ran into the dining room and found her husband lying on the floor,cut and bleeding, the motorcycle lying next to him and the patio door shattered. The wife ran to the phone and summoned an ambulance. Because they lived on a fairly large hill,the wife went down several flights of long steps to the street to direct the paramedics to her husband. 

After the ambulance arrived and transported the husband to the hospital, the wife uprighted the motorcycle and pushed it outside. Seeing that gas had spilled on the floor, the wife obtained some paper towels, blotted up the gasoline and threw the towels in the toilet. The husband was treated at the hospital and was released to come home. After arriving home, he looked at the shattered patio door and the damage done to his motorcycle. He became despondent, went into the bathroom,sat on the toilet and smoked a cigarette. After finishing the cigarette, he flipped it between his legs into the toilet bowl while still seated. 

The wife, who was in the kitchen,heard a loud explosion and her husband screaming. She ran into the bathroom and found her husband lying on the floor. His trousers had been blown away and he was suffering burns on the buttocks, the back of his legs and his groin. The wife again ran to the phone and called for an ambulance. 

The same ambulance crew was dispatched and the wife met them on the street. The paramedics loaded the husband on the stretcher and began carrying him to the street. While they were going down the stairs to the street accompanied by the wife, one of the paramedics asked the wife how her husband had burned himself. 

She told them and the paramedics started laughing so hard, one of them tipped the stretcher and dumped the husband out. He fell down the remaining steps and broke his arm.No man is allowed to make love to his wife with the smell of garlic, onions, or sardines on his breath in Alexandria, Minnesota. If his wife so requests, law mandates that he must brush his teeth.

Warn your hubby that after lovemaking in Ames, Iowa, he isn't allowed to take more than three gulps of beer while lying in bed with you-or holding you in his arms.

Bozeman, Montana, has a law that bans all sexual activity between members of the opposite sex in the front yard of a home after sundown-if they're nude. (Apparently, if you wear socks, you're safe from the law!)

During lunch breaks in Carlsbad, New Mexico no couple should engage in a sexual act while parked in their vehicle, unless their car has curtains.

In Cleveland, Ohio women are not allowed to wear patent-leather shoes.

Clinton, Oklahoma has a law against masturbating while watching two people having sex in a car.

It's safe to make love while parked in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. Police officers aren't allowed to walk up and knock on the window. Any suspicious officer who thinks that sex is taking place must drive up from behind, honk his horn three times and wait approximately two minutes before getting out of his car to investigate.

In Connorsville, Wisconsin no man shall shoot off a gun while his female partner is having a sexual orgasm.

In Detroit, couples are not allowed to make love in an automobile unless the act takes place while the vehicle is parked on the couple's own property.

A law in Fairbanks, Alaska does not allow moose to have sex on city streets.

In Florida it is illegal for single, divorced, or widowed women to parachute on Sunday afternoons.

In Harrisburg, Pennsylvania it is illegal to have sex with a truck driver inside a toll booth.

The owner of every hotel in Hastings, Nebraska, is required to provide each guest with a clean and pressed nightshirt. No couple, even if they are married, may sleep together in the nude. Nor may they have sex unless they are wearing one of these clean, white cotton nightshirts.

Another law in Helena, Montana, mandates that a woman can't dance on a table in a saloon or bar unless she has on at least three pounds, two ounces of clothing.

A state law in Illinois mandates that all bachelors should be called master, not mister, when addressed by their female counterparts.

An excerpt from brilliant Kentucky state legislation. "No female shall appear in a bathing suit on any highway within this state unless she be escorted by at least two officers or unless she be armed with a club". The following important ammendment however is to be considered here: "The provisions of this statuate shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it apply to female horses."

In Kingsville, Texas there is a law against two pigs having sex on the city's airport property.

Any couple making out inside a vehicle, and accidentally sounding the horn during their lustful act, may be taken to jail according to a Liberty Corner, New Jersey law.

In Los Angeles, California, a man is legally entitled to beat his wife with a leather belt or strap, but the belt can't be wider than 2 inches, unless he has his wife's consent to beat her with a wider strap. Consent should be given prior to the event, as is carefully stipulated.

In Merryville, Missouri, women are prohibited from wearing corsets because "The privilege of admiring the curvaceous, unencumbered body of a young woman should not be denied to the normal, red-blooded American male."

In Michigan, a woman isn't allowed to cut her own hair without her husband's permission.

In Nevada sex without a condom is considered illegal.

An ordinance in Newcastle, Wyoming, specifically bans couples from having sex while standing inside a store's walk-in meat freezer!

In Norfolk, Virginia, a woman can't go out without wearing a corset. (There was a civil-service job-for men only-called a corset inspector.)

In Oblong, Illinois, it's punishable by law to make love while hunting or fishing on your wedding day.

In Oxford, Ohio, it's illegal for a woman to strip off her clothing while standing in front of a man's picture.

In hotels in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, every room is required to have twin beds. And the beds must always be a minimum of two feet apart when a couple rents a room for only one night. And it's illegal to make love on the floor between the beds!

A Tremonton, Utah law states that no woman is allowed to have sex with a man while riding in an ambulance. In addition to normal charges, the woman's name will be published in the local newspaper. The man does not receive any punishment.

Utah state legislation outlaws all sex with anyone but your spouse. Next to that adultery, oral and anal sex, masturbation are considered sodomy and can lead to imprisonment. Sex with an animal - unless performed for profit - however is NOT considered sodomy. Polygamy - provided only the missionary position has been applied - is only a misdemeanor.

In Ventura County, California cats and dogs are not allowed to have sex without a permit.

The only acceptable sexual position in Washington D.C. is the missionary-style position. Any other sexual position is considered illegal.

In Willowdale, Oregon no man may curse while having sex with his wife.

In the state of Washington there is a law against having sex with a virgin under any circumstances. (Including the wedding night).Shit may be the most powerful word in the english language:

You can be shitfaced, be shit out of luck, or have shit for brains. With a little effort you can get your shit together, find a place for your shit, or decide to shit or get off the pot.

You can smoke shit, buy shit, sell shit, lose shit, find shit, forget shit, or tell others to eat shit and die.
You can shit or go blind, have a shit fit or just shit your life away.

People can be shitheaded, shitbrained, shitblinded, and shitover. Some people know their shit, while others can't tell the difference between shit and shineola. There are lucky shits, dumb shits, crazy shits, and sweet shits. 

There is bull shit, horse shit, and chicken shit. You can throw shit, sling shit, catch shit, or duck when shit hits the fan. You can take a shit, give a shit or serve shit on a shingle. You can find yourself in deep shit, or be happier than a pig in shit. 

Some days are colder than shit, some days are hotter than shit and some Days are just shitty. Some music sounds like shit, things look like shit, and there are times when you feel like shit.

You can have too much shit, not enough shit, the right shit, the Wrong shit, or alot of weird shit.

You can carry shit, have a mountain of shit , or find yourself upshitcreek without a paddle. Sometimes everything you touch turns to shit and othertimes you swim in a lake of shit and come out smelling like a rose. Shit! When you stop to consider all the facts, it's the basic building block of creation.

And remember:once you know your shit,you don't need to know anything else.If a rabbit were racing cabbage, who would win?

The cabbage, because it's a head.It's your first time. As you lie back your muscles tighten. You put him off for awhile searching for an excuse, but he refuses to be swayed as he approaches you. He asks if you're afraid and you shake your head bravely.

He has had more experience, but it's the first time his finger has found the right place. He probes deeply and you shiver; your body tenses; but 
he's gentle like he promised he'd be. He looks deeply within your eyes and tells you to trust him-- he's done this many times before. His cool 
smile relaxes you and you open wider to give him more room for an ease entrance. You begin to plead and beg him to hurry, but he slowly takes his time, wanting to cause you as little pain as possible. 

As he presses closer, going deeper, you feel the tissue give way; pain surges throughout your body and you feel the slight trickle of blood as he continues. He looks at you concerned and asks you if it's too painful. Your eyes are filled with tears but you shake you head and nod for him to go on. He begins moving in and out with skill but you are 
now too numb to feel him within you. After a few frenzied moments, you feel something bursting within you and he pulls it out of you, you lay panting, glad to have it over. He looks at you and smiling warmly, tells you, with a chuckle; that you have been his most stubborn yet most rewarding experience.

You smile and thank your dentist. After all, it was your first time to have a tooth pulled.

Naughty, Naughty! What were you thinkin'? PERVERT I know what you were thinking!Seems God was just about done creating the universe, but he had two extra things left in his bag of creations. So, he decided to split them between Adam and Eve. He told the couple that one of the things he had to give away was the ability to stand 
up while urinating. 

"It's a very handy thing," God told the couple, who he found under an apple tree. "I was wondering if either one of you wanted the ability". 

Adam jumped up and blurted, "Oh, give that to me! I'd love to! Please, oh please, oh please, let me have that ability. It'd be so great! When I'm out working in the garden or naming the animals, I could just stand there and let it fly! It'd be so cool, I 
could write my name in the sand. Oh, please God, let it be me who you give that gift to, let me stand and pee, oh please!!" 

On and on he went, like an excited little boy who...well...had to pee. Eve just smiled and told God that if Adam really wanted that so badly, that he should have it. it seemed to be the sort of thing that would make him happy, and she really wouldn't mind if Adam were the one given this ability. 

And so, Adam was given the ability to control the direction of his micturition while in a vertical position. He was so happy, he celebrated by wetting down the bark on the tree nearest him, laughing with delight all the while. 

And it was good."Fine," God said, looking back into his bag of leftover gifts, "What's left in here?" "Oh yes," he said, "Multiple orgasms..."Ever notice how a 4 year olds voice is louder than 200 adult voices? 

Several years ago, I returned home from a trip just 
when a storm hit, with crashing thunder and severe lightning. As I came into my bedroom about 2 a.m., I found my two children in bed with my wife, Karen, apparently scared by the loud storm. I resigned myself to sleeping in the guest bedroom that night.

The next day, I talked to the children, and explained that it was o.k. to sleep with Mom when the storm was bad, but when I was expected home, please don't sleep with Mom that night. 
They said o.k..

After my next trip several weeks later, Karen and the children picked me up in the terminal at the appointed time. Since the plane was late, everyone had come into the terminal to wait for my plane's arrival, along with hundreds of other folks 
waiting for their arriving passengers.

As I entered the waiting area, my son saw me, and came running shouting, "Hi, Dad! I've got some good news!"

As I waved back, I said loudly, "What is the good news?"

"The good news is that nobody slept with Mommy while you were away this time!" Alex shouted.

The airport became very quiet, as everyone in the waiting area looked at Alex, then turned to me, and then searched the rest of the area to see if they could figure out exactly who his Mom was.Many people are at a loss for a response when someone says "you don't know Jack Schitt". Now, You can handle the situation.

Jack is the only son of Awe Schitt and O. Schitt. Awe Schitt, the fertilizer magnate, married O. Schitt, the owner of Knee-deep Schitt, Inc.

In turn, Jack Schitt married Noe Schitt and the deeply religious couple produced 6 children: Holie Schitt, The twins; Deep Schitt and Dip Schitt, Fulla Schitt, Giva Schitt and Bull Schitt, a high school dropout. After being married for 15 years Jack and Noe divorced. Noe later married Mr. Sherlock and because her kids were living with them, she wanted to keep her previous name. She was 
known as Noe Schitt-Sherlock.

Dip Schitt married Loda Schitt and they produced a cowardly son, Chicken Schitt. Fulla Schitt and Giva Schitt were inseparable throughout childhood and 
consequently, married the Happens brothers in dual ceremony.

The Schitt-Happens children are Dawg, Byrd and Horse. Bull Schitt the prodigal son, left home to tour the world. He recently returned with his new bride, Pisa Schitt.

Now, when someone say's you don't know Jack Schitt, you can correct them.A man traveling down a country road was forced to stop before a giant puddle covering the entire road. Looking to the side of the road, the man noticed a farmer leaning on a fence. "Think it's safe to cross?" the man asked.

"I reckon so," replied the farmer.

The car was immediately swallowed by the puddle as the man drove in. In fact, it was so deep that he had to roll his window down to swim out of his car back to the surface. As his head broke the surface, the man said to the farmer, "I thought you said I could safely drive through this puddle!"

"Well, shoot!" said the farmer, scratching his head. "It only come up chest-high on my ducks!"When the surgeon came to see his blonde patient on the day after her operation, she asked him somewhat hesitantly just how long it would be before she could resume her sex life.

"Uh, I hadn't really thought about it," admitted the stunned surgeon. You're the first one ever to ask that after a tonsillectomy.Little Johnny goes up to his mother and asks, "Is God male or female?"

After thinking for a moment, his mother responds, "Well, honey, God is both male and female."

This confuses Little Johnny, so he asks, "Is God black or white?"

"Well, God is both black and white."

This further confuses him so he asks, "Is God gay or straight?"

At this the mother is getting concerned, but answers nonetheless, "Honey, God is both gay and straight."

At this Little Johnny's face lights up with understanding and he triumphantly asks, "Mom, is God Michael Jackson?"A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde escape a burning building by climbing to the roof. Firemen are on the street below, holding a blanket for them to jump into. The firemen yell to the brunette, "C'mon! Jump! You gotta jump!"

The brunette jumps and the firemen are unable to position the blanket properly. Sadly, the brunette slams into the sidewalk like a tomato.

Then, the redhead steps to the edge of the roof. Again, the firemen yell, "C'mon! Jump! You gotta jump!"

"Oh no! You're gonna put blanket in the wrong place!"

"No! We've go it covered! We'll catch you!" yell the firemen.

The redhead jumps and, again, the firemen are unable to position the blanket properly. Sadly, the redhead also slams into the sidewalk like a tomato.

Finally, the blonde steps to the edge of the roof. Again, the firemen yell, "C'mon! Jump! You gotta jump!"

"Oh no! You're gonna put blanket in the wrong place!"

"No! We've go it covered! We'll catch you!" yell the firemen.

"Look," says the blonde, "nothing you say is gonna convince me that you're gonna catch me with that blanket... so, what I want you to do is put the blanket down and then I'll jump."One day a husband was chiding his beautiful blonde wife about leaving her keys in the ignition of her car.

"If I take them out of the car I lose them," she reasoned.

"Yes dear, but what if someone steals your car?" the husband countered.

"Oh that's okay," the wife chirped happily, "I keep a spare key in the glove box!"Two men were running for the same seat in their state senate. The two men had just finished meeting for lunch in a restaurant. 

Said the first man "I'm going to win the election because I put in a personal touch. For example, I left the waiter a ten dollar tip so that he would vote for me." 

"That's nothing," replies the second man to the first, "I left the waiter a 5 cent tip, and told him that I was your campaign manager."Where should a dressmaker live?

On the outskirts of the city.Why was the broom tired?

It over swept.A man is driving along a highway and sees a rabbit jump out across the middle of the road. 
                                    
He swerves to avoid hitting it, but unfortunately the rabbit jumps right in front of the car. The driver, a sensitive man as well as an animal lover, pulls over and gets out to see what has become of the rabbit. 

Much to his dismay, the rabbit is dead. 

The driver feels so awful that he begins to cry. 

A beautiful blonde woman driving down the highway sees a man crying on the side of the road and pulls over. 
                                                    
She steps out of the car and asks the man what's wrong? "I feel terrible, "he explains, "I accidentally hit this rabbit and killed it." 

The blonde says, "Don't worry." She runs to her car and pulls out a spray can. 

She walks over to the limp, dead rabbit, bends down and sprays the contents onto the rabbit. 

The rabbit jumps up, waves its paw at the two of them and hops off down the road. 
                                
Ten feet away the rabbit stops, turns around and waves again, he hops down the road another 10 feet, turns and waves, hops another ten feet, turns and waves and repeats this again and again and again, until he hops off out of sight. 
                                
The man is astonished. 

He runs over to the woman and demands, "What is in that can? What did you spray on that rabbit?" 

The woman turns the can around so that the man can read the label. 

It says, Hair Spray - Restores life to dead hair, adds permanent wave.An American and Japanese were sitting next to each other on a plane.  The American turned and asked the Japanese, "What kind of -ese are you?"

The Japanese man answered "I'm sorry, I don't know what you mean."

"What kind of -ese are you?" the American repeated. The Japanese was showing obvious confusion. Irritated, the American explained, "Are you Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, what?" "Oh, I'm Japanese."

Soon after, the Japanese turned to the American and asked him what kind of -key he was.  The American, now annoyed, replied, "What d'you mean, 'key'?"

The Japanese asked again, "Are you a monkey, a donkey, or a Yankee?"The Japanese eat little fat and suffer fewer heart attacks than the British or the Americans.

The French eat a lot of fat and also suffer fewer heart attacks than the British or the Americans.

The Japanese drink very little red wine and suffer fewer heart attacks than the British or the Americans.

The Italians drink excessive amounts of red wine and also suffer fewer heart attacks than the British or the Americans. 


CONCLUSION:
Eat and drink what you like. Speaking English is apparently what gets you.Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. This made him ....what? 





A super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.There was a couple doing yard work, and the wife stops to go up and take a shower. The husband is looking for the rake and yells to his wife, who looks out of the upstairs bathroom window, "Where's the rake?"

She can't hear him, so he points to his eye (I), points to his knee (need) and then makes raking motions.

"What?" she yells, confused. So he goes through the whole routine again.

She nods as if she understands and then points to her eye, squeezes her left breast, slaps her bum and then rubs her crotch.

Her husband is somewhat confused, but totally aroused, so he quickly goes in the house, up the stairs, and into the bathroom. "What did you say?"

She answered, "I said, 'Eye, left tit, behind, the bush.'"A student comes to a young professor's office hours.  She glances down the hall, closes his door, and kneels pleadingly.

"I would do *anything* to pass this exam."  She leans closer to him, flips back her hair, and gazes meaningfully into his eyes.

"I mean..." she repeats, "...I would do...*anything*."

He returns her gaze. "Anything?"

"*Anything*."

His voice softens. "*Anything*??"
	
"*Anything*."

His voice turns to a whisper. "Would you...*study*?"An angry wife met her husband at the door. She could smell alcohol on his breath and there was lipstick on his collar.  "I assume," she snarled, "that there's a reason you're waltzing in here at six o'clock in the morning?"
"There is," he replied. "Breakfast."In a hurry to get a special dinner party, the guest speaker arrived and sat down, only to realize he'd forgotten his false teeth.  He explained his dilemma to the man sitting next to him.
The man said, "No problem," reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of false teeth. "Try these,"he said.
"Too loose," the speaker said.
The man pulled out another pair.
"Too tight," the speaker told him.
"I have one more pair."
The speaker tried them and they fit perfectly.
With that, he ate his meal and gave his speech.  When the dinner was over, he went to thank the man who'd helped him.
"Where's your office?" he inquired. "I'm looking for a good dentist."
The man replied: "I'm not a dentist. I'm an undertaker."You're so dumb, you invented the solar powered flashlight!The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD), The FBI, and the CIA are all trying to prove that they are the best at apprehending criminals. The President decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and each of them has to catch it. 
       
The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations they conclude that rabbits do not exist. 
       
The FBI goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit, and they make no apologies. The rabbit had it coming. 
       
The LAPD goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly beaten bear. The bear is yelling: "Okay! Okay! I'm a rabbit! I'm a rabbit!"There are several men in the locker room of a private club after exercising. Suddenly a cell phone that was on one of the benches rings. A man picks it up and the following conversation ensues: 
       
"Hello?" 
"Honey, It's me." 
"Sugar!" 
"Are you at the club?" 
"Yes." 

"Great! I am at the mall 2 blocks from where you are. I saw a beautiful mink coat... It is absolutely gorgeous!! Can I buy it?" 
       
"What's the price?" 
       
"Only $1,500.00" 
       
"Well, OK, go ahead and get, if you like it that much..." 
       
"Ahhh and I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership and saw the 2001 models. I saw one I really liked. I spoke with the salesman and he gave me a really good price ... and since we need to exchange the BMW that we bought last year..." 
       
"What price did he quote you?" 
"Only $60,000..." 
"OK, but for that price I want it with all the options." 
"Great!, before we hang up, something else..." 
"What?" 
       
"It might look like a lot, but I was reconciling your bank account and...I stopped by the real estate agent this morning and I saw the house we had looked at last year ... it's on sale!! Remember? The one with a pool, English Garden, acre of park area, beachfront property..." 

"How much are they asking?" 
       
"Only $450,000... a magnificent price, and I see that we have that much in the bank to cover..." "Well, then go ahead and buy it, but just bid $420,000. OK?" 
       
"OK, sweetie... Thanks! I'll see you later!! I love you!!!" 
       
"Bye... I do too..." 
       
The man hangs up, closes the phone's flap and raises his hand while holding the phone and asks to all those present: "Does anyone know who this phone belongs to?"A teacher was teaching a class about the big bang theory. She asked Billy to go outside and observe his surroundings. 

She then asked... 

"Billy did you see the sky?" 

"Yes", said Billy. 

"Did you see the sun?" 

"Yes", said the boy. 

"Did you see God?" 

"No", said the boy. 

The Teacher said, "So God really isn't there." 

A little girl started to ask Billy some questions. 

"Did you see the sky?" 

"Yes" was the reply 

"Did you see the sun?" 

Again, "yes" was the answer. 

"Do you see the teacher's brain? Because according to her, she doesn't have one!!!"The Bathroom Door is Closed. Please do not stand here and talk, whine, or ask questions. Wait until I get out. 

Yes, it is locked. I want it that way. It is not broken. I am not trapped. I know I have left it unlocked, and even open at times, since you were born, because I was afraid some horrible tragedy might occur while I was in here, but it's been 10 years and I want some PRIVACY. 

Do not ask me how long I will be. I will come out when I am done. 

Do not bring the phone to the bathroom door. 

Do not go running back to the phone yelling, "She's in the BATHROOM! 

Do not begin to fight as soon as I go in. 

Do not stick your little fingers under the door and wiggle them. This was funny when you were two, but not now. 

Do not slide pennies, Lego's, or notes under the door. Even when you were two this got a little tiresome. 

If you have followed me down the hall talking, and are still talking as you face this closed door, please turn around, walk away, and wait for me in another room. I will be glad to listen to you when I am done. 

And yes, I still love you. 

MomA mother was driving her kids to school one day when a fire truck zoomed past. Sitting in the front seat of the fire truck was a Dalmatian dog. The children began discussing the dog's duties. 

"They use him to keep crowds back," said one youngster. 

"No," said another, "he's just for good luck." 

A third child brought the argument to a close. "They use the dogs," she said firmly, "to find the fire hydrant."A father was at the beach with his children when his four-year-old daughter ran up to him, grabbed his hand, and led him to the shore, where a seagull lay dead in the sand. 

"Daddy, what happened to him?" the daughter asked. 

"He died and went to Heaven," the dad replied.

The little girl thought a moment and then said, "Did God throw him back down?"A little boy had just got home from Sunday School and mom was cooking lunch. "Mommy, is it true that before you're born you're just dust and after you die you go back to being dust?" 

"That's right son, why?" 

"Well that's just what they said at church today." 

"Run up stairs and wash your hands son, lunch will be ready in a few minutes." 

About 10 minutes went by and she called out for him to come down. "I'll be there in a minute." As they were about to sit down at the table, the little boy asked again about being dust before being born and after you die. 
Once again mother said yes son. 

The little boy looked at her and said, "then you better get up to my room pretty quick, because something under my bed is either coming or going!!"An elderly woman had just returned to her home from an evening of religious service when she was startled by an intruder. As she caught the man in the act of robbing her home of its valuables, she yelled, "Stop....Acts 2:38!" (Turn from your sin). 

The burglar stopped dead in his tracks. The woman calmly called the police and explained what she had done. As the officer cuffed the man to take him in, he asked the burglar, "Why did you just stand there? All she did was yell a scripture to you." 

"Scripture?" replied the burglar. "She said she had an AXE and two 38's!"A 4-year-old boy was asked to return thanks before Christmas dinner. The family members bowed their heads in expectation. He began his prayer, thanking God for all his friends, naming them one by one. Then he thanked God for Mommy, Daddy, brother, sister, Grandma, Grandpa, and all his aunts and uncles. Then he began to thank God for the food. He gave thanks for the turkey, the dressing, the fruit salad, the cranberry sauce, the pies, the cakes, even the Cool Whip. 

Then he paused, and everyone waited--and waited. After a long silence, the young fellow looked up at his mother and asked, "If I thank God for the broccoli, won't he know that I'm lying?"A little boy was attending his first wedding. After the service, his cousin asked him, "How many women can a man marry?" 

"Sixteen," the boy responded. 

His cousin was amazed that he knew the answer so quickly. 

"How do you know that?" 

"Easy," the little boy said. "All you have to do is add it up, like the Preacher said: 4 better, 4 worse, 4 richer, 4 poorer."Lord, grant me the strength that I may not fall
Into the clutches of cholesterol;
At polyunsaturates, I'll never mutter,
For the road to Hell is paved with butter
And cake is cursed and cream is awful
And Satan is hiding in every waffle.
Beelzebub is a chocolate drop,
And Lucifer is a lollipop,
Teach me the evils of hollandaise
Of pasta and globs of mayonnaise;
And crisp fried chicken from the south
Lord, if you love me, shut my mouth.A man asked his wife what she'd like for her 40th birthday. 

"I'd love to be six again," she replied. 

On the morning of her birthday, he got her up bright and early, and off they went to a local theme park. What a day! He put her on every ride in the park: the Death Slide, the Screaming Loop, the Wall of Fear, everything there was! Wow! 

Five hours later, she staggered out of the theme park, her head reeling and her stomach upside down. Right to a McDonald's they went, where her husband ordered her a Happy Meal along with extra fries and a refreshing chocolate shake. 

Then, it was off to a movie - the latest Disney; and what a fabulous adventure! 

Finally, she wobbled home with her husband and collapsed into bed. He leaned over and lovingly asked, "Well, dear, what was it like being six again?"

With one eye opened she said "You idiot, I meant my dress size."A little girl and her father decided to go to church, because her father wanted to introduce her to the Christian World. As they sat down, a collection plate begins to be passed around. As the plate came to the girl's father, he searches his pockets for money. Then his daughter whispers in his ear, "Don't worry Daddy, I'm already free and covered.... I'm under 5."One night, a man and his wife decide to go out on a date. They get all dolled up, call the cab, and put the cat out. When the cab arives, they head out the door just as the cat darts back inside. 

The man head backs in to chase out the cat, and his wife heads to the cab. Not wanting to let on that no one would be home that night, she explains to the driver, "He's just going back in to say good-night to my mother."

In a few minutes, the man returns to explain, "Sorry it took me so long. The old thing was hiding under the bed and I had to poke her with a coat hanger to get her to come out!"A black man and his wife were going to a Halloween party in a couple of days. The husband tells his wife to go to the store and get costumes for them to wear.

When he comes home that night he goes to the bedroom where there laid out on the bed was a Superman costume. The husband yells at his wife, "What are you doing? Have you ever heard of a black Superman? Take this back and get me something else I can wear."

The next day the wife not too happy, returns the costume and gets a replacement. The husband comes home from work once more and there laid out on the bed was a Batman costume. He again yells at his wife, "What are you doing? Have you ever heard of a black Batman? Take this back and get me something I can wear to the costume party."

By this time the wife is irrate, so the next morning she goes shopping. When the husband comes home again from work there laid out on the bed are three items. In one neat pile is a set of three white buttons, another is a white belt, and the third item is a 2 x 4 of wood. The husband yells at the wife, "What the hell are these for?" The wife yells back, "You can take your clothes off and take the three white buttons and put them on the front of you and go as a domino, and if you don't like that one, you can take the belt and put it on and go as an Oreo cookie. And if you don't like that one, you can stick the 2 x 4 up your ass and go as a fudge sickle."One Friday morning, a teacher came up with a novel 
way to motivate her class. She told them that she 
would read a quote and the first student to correctly 
identify who said it would receive the rest of the 
day off. 

She started with "This was England's finest hour." 
Little Suzy instantly jumped up and said, " Winston 
Churchill." 

"Congratulations," said the teacher "you may go 
home." 

The teacher then said, "Ask not what your country can 
do for you." 
Before she could finish this quote, another young 
lady belts out, "John F. Kennedy". 

"Very good" says the teacher, "you may go." 

Irritated that he has missed two golden 
opportunities, Little Johnny said, "I wish those 
girls would just shut up." 

Upon overhearing this comment, the outraged teacher 
demanded to know who said it. Johnny instantly rose 
to his feet and said, "Bill Clinton. I'll see you 
Monday."1) A person belonging to an ethnic group whose members are commonly considered to have certain stereotypical mannerisms met another person belonging to a different ethnic group with a different set of imputed stereotypical mannerisms. The first person acted in a manner consistent
with the stereotypes associated with his ethnic group, and proceeded to make a remark which might be considered to establish conclusively his membership in that group, whereupon his companion proceeded to make a remark with a double meaning, the first meaning of which could be
interpreted to indicate his agreement with his companion, but the other meaning of which serves to corroborate his membership in his particular ethnic group. The first person took offense at his remark, and reacted in a stereotypical way!

(2) Q: How many people belonging to a certain ethnic group does it take to perform a particular menial activity?

A: A finite positive integer. One to perform the activity, and the rest to behave in a manner stereotypical of their ethnic group!Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist?
He sold his soul to Santa

Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash?
He's all right now.

Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing?
He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.

How do crazy people go through the forest?
They take the psycho path.

How do you get holy water?
Boil the hell out of it.

How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb?
She says, "Daddy, I want a new apartment."

What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall?
"Dam".

What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long?
Polaroids.

What do prisoners use to call each other?
Cell phones.

What do the letters D.N.A. stand for?
National Dyslexics Association.

What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work?
A stick.

What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
Nacho Cheese.

What do you call Santa's helpers?
Subordinate Clauses.

What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand?
Quatro sinko.

What do you get from a pampered cow?
Spoiled milk.

What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?
Frostbite.

What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor?
A pachydermatologist

What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree
would kill you?
A pool table.

What is a zebra?
26 sizes larger than an "A" bra.

What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic?
Sanka.
and what kind of lettuce?
Iceberg.

What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A nervous wreck.

What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?
The taste.

What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Anyone can roast beef.

Where do you find a no legged dog?
Right where you left him.

Where do you get virgin wool from?
Ugly sheep.

Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
They all have phones.

Why do bagpipers walk when they play?
They're trying to get away from the noise.Three boys are in the schoolyard bragging about their fathers. The first boy says, "My Dad scribbles a few words on a piece of paper, he calls it a poem, they give him $50." The second boy says, "That's nothing. My Dad scribbles a few words on a piece of paper, he calls it a song, they give him $100." The third boy says, "I got you both beat. My Dad scribbles a few words on a piece of paper, he calls it a sermon. And it takes eight people to collect all the money!"One morning a boy got up and was leaving the house with a hand full of chicken wire. His father said, 'Son, where are you going?' The son replied, 'I'm going to catch me some chickens.' The father said, 'Son, you can't catch chickens with chicken wire.' But the son insisted that he knew what he was doing. 

Later on that day, the son came home with two chickens in his hand. The father thought, 'I guess he knows what he's doing.' The next morning, the son got up and was leaving the house with some duck tape. The father said, 'Son, where are you going?' The son replied, 'I'm going to catch some ducks.' The father yelled, 'You can't catch ducks with duct tape!' The son insisted that he knew what he was doing. 

Awhile later, the son came home with two ducks under each arm. The father thought, 'Shoot, I guess he does know what he's doing!' The next morning the son got up and was leaving the house with a hand full of pussywillows. The father said, 'Hold up, son, let me put on my shoes!'A man had just moved from his big apartment in NYC, to a big farm way out in the country side.

Just days after he moved, he realized he was out of chicken feed, so he went down to the nearest store. (a good 2-hour drive away). "Can I get me some chicken feed?" the man asked. "Yup, but ya can't have none unless you can prove to me you actually got chickens. Don't want no one eatin' it or nothin' an' gettin' sick," the clerk responded. He argued with her a bit, but finally gave in and took a two hour drive back and forth once again, this time with the chicken. "Here's my chicken. Now get me the chicken feed." He got his feed and drove home. 

The next day he ran out of dog food for his dog. Once again, he drove down to the store, foolishly not thinking about bringing his dog. It was the same case. He had to present his dog to the stubborn clerk. He went back home and retrieved his dog, and got his dog food. The next day, he went down to the store again, this time with a shoe box with a lid on it that had a hole in the top. He walked into the store and said to the clerk, "Smell this." 

"That smells like... crap!" she said with a look of surprise on her face. "Oh... toilet paper."A young West Virginian girl wanted to go to college at UVA. But her father said "No way! You're going to By-God West Virginia Univ." 

Well, she got her way and she went to UVA. The first semester went by, and she wrote home that she was getting married, to a man from Richmond, VA named Clarence. Her father said "I'll be damned if my daughter is marrying a man from Richmond, you're marrying a By-God West Virginian boy," so he sent his two sons to UVA to get their sister. 

In a couple of days they returned. The confused father asked "Where is your sister?" 
They replied "We were almost there Dad, but we got to this overpass with a sign that said 'Clarence 13'6'' so we turned around and drove the hell out of there!"1. Save all manner of bacon grease. If it can't be fried in bacon grease, it ain't worth cooking, let alone eating.

2. Just because one can drive on snow and ice does not mean we can't stay home the two days of the year it snows.

3. If you do run your car into a ditch, don't panic. Four men in the cab of a four-wheel-drive with a 12-pack of beer and a tow chain will be along shortly. Note: Don't try to help them. Just stay out of their way: This is what they live for.

4. Don't be surprised to find movie rentals and fishing bait in the same store.

5. Remember: "Y'all" is singular.

6. "All y'all" is plural. "All y'all's" is plural possessive.

7. There is nothing sillier than a northerner imitating a Southern accent, unless it is a Southerner imitating a Boston accent.

8. People walk slower here.

9. Don't be worried that you don't understand anyone. They don't understand you either.

10. The first Southern expression to creep into a transplanted Northerner's vocabulary is the adjective "Big ol'", as in "big ol' truck" or "big ol' boy". Eighty-five percent begin their new southern influenced dialect with this expression. One hundred percent are in denial about it.

11. The proper pronunciation you learned in school is no longer proper.

12. "He needed killin'" is a valid defense here.

13. If attending a funeral in the South: remember, we stay until the last shovel of dirt is thrown on and the tent is torn down.

14. If you hear a Southerner exclaim, "Hey, y'all, watch this!" stay out of his way. These are likely the last words he will ever say.

15. Most Southerners do not use turn signals, and they ignore those who do. In fact, if you see a signal blinking on a car with a southern license plate, you may rest assured that it was on when the car was purchased.

16. Northerners can be identified by the spit on the inside of their car's windshield that comes from yelling at other drivers.

17. The winter wardrobe you always brought out in September can wait until November.

18. If there is the prediction of the slightest chance of even the tiniest accumulation of snow, your presence is required at the local grocery store. It does not matter if you need anything from the store, it is just something you're supposed to do.

19. Satellite dishes are very popular in the South. When you purchase one it is to be positioned directly in front of your trailer. This is logical bearing in mind that the dish cost considerably more than the trailer and should, therefore, be displayed.

20. Tornadoes and Southerners going through a divorce have a lot in common. In either case, you know someone is going to lose a trailer.

21. Florida is not considered a Southern state (except Gainesville). There are far more Yankees than Southerners living there.

22. As you are cursing the person driving 15 mph in a 55 mph zone, directly in the middle of the road, remember, many folks learned to drive on a model of vehicle known as John Deere, and this is the proper speed and lane position for the vehicle.

23. You can ask a Southerner for directions, but unless you already know the positions of key hills, trees and rocks, you're better off trying to find it yourself.You know you've had too much coffee when...


You can type sixty words a minute with your feet

Instant coffee takes too long

You chew on other people's fingernails

You answer the door, before people knock

You sleep with your eyes open

You go to sleep, just so you can wake up and smell the coffee

You don't even wait for the water to boil anymore

You're the employee of the month at Starbucks and you don't even work there

You help your dog chase its tail

You lick your coffeepot clean

You go to AA meetings just for the free coffee

You're so wired you pick up FM radio

You have a picture of your coffee mug, on your coffee mug!A man goes on vacation to a tropical island. As soon as he gets off the plane, he hears drums. He thinks "Wow, this is cool." 

He goes to the beach, he hears the drums, he eats lunch, he hears drums, he goes to a luau, he hears drums. He TRIES to go to sleep, he hears drums. 

This goes on for several nights, and gets to the point where the guy can't sleep at night because of the drums. Finally, he goes down to the front desk. When he gets there, he asks the manager, "Mister, that's it!!  Why won't those drummers stop?!  I can't get any sleep!"  The manager replies, "No!  The drums must NEVER stop. It's terrible if the drums stop drumming." 

"Why?"

"When drums stop... bass solo begins."Knock knock.

Who's there?

You.

You who?

Yoo hoo, I'm right over here!Two small boys, one catholic and one protestant get lost in the woods. 

Darkness comes down and they near a monastery. Upon entering they are asked their faith, telling the head monk their religions. 

The Catholic lad gets the best of treatment, good food, a good bed near the fireplace. The protestant lad however gets a bowl of cold gruel, and is told to sleep by the drafty door to keep the cold out of the room.

In the morning the head monk asks the boys how it was. "I dreamt I was in heaven, Father" said the Catholic boy. "It was just wonderful." 

"I dreamt that I was in hell " said the protestant boy. "And what was that like?" said the holy father. "Just like this place, couldn't get near the fire for catholics!"Yo momma so fat, when she hauls ass, she has friends come help!Yo momma so fat, when she walks in front of the T.V., you miss 5 minutes of your show!Yo momma so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet!Yo momma so fat, when she goes swimming she gives the pool stretch marks!Yo momma so fat, when she turns around, people throw her a welcome back party!Yo momma so fat, at the zoo, the elephants started throwing her peanuts!Yo momma so fat, she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!Yo momma so fat, she puts mayonnaise on aspirin!Yo momma so fat, she pulls up a chair to an all-u-can-eat buffet!Yo momma so fat, she made weight watchers go blind!Yo momma so fat, she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen!An attorney was sitting in his office late one night, when the Devil appeared before him. 

The Devil told the lawyer, "I have a proposition for you. You can win every case you try, for the rest of your life. Your clients will adore you, your colleagues will stand in awe of you, and you will make embarrassing sums of money. All I want in exchange is your soul, your wife's soul, your children's souls, the souls of your parents, grandparents, and parents-in-law, and the souls of all of your friends and law partners."

The lawyer thought about this for a moment, then asked, "So, what's the catch?"Two lawyers were in a coffee shop talking. One of the lawyers names was Thomas Ulaiy (A-lie). After a while their conversation became rather morbid, and they started to talk about what they were going to have on their tomb stones.

Thomas said the he wasn't going to have his name put on his tomb stone, instead he was going have "Here lies the body of an honest lawyer!", he said enthusiastically. 

"Why are you going to have that?" asked his friend. "Well", said Thomas, "When people are walking through the cemetery, and they see... 'Here Lies The Body of an Honest Lawyer', they'll say "Yeah, that's Ulaiy".A middle-aged couple had two beautiful teenage daughters and decided to try one last time for a son. After months, the wife finally got pregnant and after nine months, bore a healthy baby boy. The elated father rushed to the nursery to check on his infant. He was horrified to see the ugliest child he had ever saw.

He went to his wife and said that there was no way he could be the father of that child. "Look at the two beautiful daughters I fathered." Then he gave her a stern look and asked, "Have you been fooling around on me?"

The wife smiled sweetly, "Not this time..."A mortician was examining Mr. Zeron's body before sending it to be cremated. He discovered the longest private part he had ever seen on Zeron. He felt it a pity to cremate him with it, so, apologising to the corpse, the mortician used his tools to remove the tremendously huge private part.

The mortician stuffed the prize possesion into his briefcase and took it home to show his wife. "I have something to show you that you won't believe," he said and opened his briefcase.

Upon seeing it, his wife cried, "Oh my God! Zeron is dead!"A man walks up to a bartender one night and asked for a beer.
"Certainly, sir. That'd be one cent."
The guy was surprised at the incredible price.
The guy, unable to believe such prices, looked up the menu and ordered a nice juicy T-bone steak with chips, peas and a fried egg.
"Certainly, sir. That'd be five cents including the beer."
The guy couldn't trust the bartender no more and called for the manager.
"The manager's upstairs with my wife."
The guy curiously asked why he was with his wife.
"He do my business, I'll do his."A young 6-month pregnant lady boarded a bus and took a seat. She noticed a young man smiling at her and got humiliated on account of her condition. She changed her seat and he seemed more amused. She moved again and then on her fourth move he burst out laughing. She had him arrested.

The case came before the court, and when asked why he acted in such a manner, the man replied, "When the lady boarded the bus I couldn't help noticing she was pregnant. She sat under an advertisement which read, 'Coming Soon: The Gold Dust Twins.'

Then she moved under one that read, 'Sloans Liniments Remove Swelling.'

I was even more amused when she sat under a shaving advertisement which read, 'William's Stick Did The Trick.'

I could not control myself any longer when on the fourth move she sat under an advertisement which read, 'Dunlop Rubber would have prevented this accident.'" 

He won the case.In a train compartment, there are 3 men and a ravishing lady. Conversation broke out and turned erotic. The lady proposed, "If each of you would give me $1, I would show you my legs." The men, charmed by her beauty, handed over the money. The lady pulled her dress up a little to show her legs.

She followed, "If each of you would give me $10, I would show you my thighs." Driven by lust, the men forked out the money and the lady pulled up her dress more to show her thighs.

The men, getting excited, pulled off their coats. The lady then said, "If each of you would give me $100, I would show you where I had my appendicitis operated on." The men, being men, naturally surrendered their money for more. The lady turned to the window and pointed at a hospital, "There!"1) When you get pulled over, say "What's wrong, officer, there's no blood in my alcohol?" 

2) When he asks why you were speeding, tell him you wanted to race. 

3) When he talks to you, pretend you are deaf. 

4) If he asks if you knew how fast you were going, say no, my speedometer doesn't go that high. 

5) Touch him. 

6) When he asks why you were speeding, tell him you had to buy a hat. 

7) Ask him where he bought his cool hat. 

8) Refer to him by his first name. 

9) Pretend you are gay and ask him out. 

10) When he says no, cry. 

11) If he says yes, accuse him of sexual harassment. 

12) If the cop is a woman, tell her how ugly she is, but in a nice way. 

13) If he asks you to step out of the car, automatically throw yourself on the hood. 

14) When he asks you to spread them, tell him you don't go that way. 

15) When he puts handcuffs on, say "Usually my dates buy me dinner first." 

16) Ask to be fingerprinted with candy, cause you don't like ink on your fingers. 

17) After you sign the ticket and give it to him, say "Oops! That's the wrong name." 

18) Bribe him with donuts, and when he agrees, tell him sorry, I just ate the last one. 

19) When he comes up to the car, say "License and registration, please" right when he says it. 

20) When he goes to read you your rights, sing "La La La, I can't hear you!" 

21) Trip and fall into him. 

22) Accuse him of police brutality when he pushes you away. 

23) Before you sign the ticket, pick your nose. You have to use his pen. 

24) Chew on the pen, nervously. 

25) Clean your ear with the pen. 

26) If it's a click pen, take it apart and play with the spring. 

27) Ask if he has a daughter. If he says yes, say, "I thought your name sounded familiar...." 

28) Ask him if he ever worked in a prison. If he says yes, ask him how the plumbing was. 

29) Act like you are retarded. 

30) When he is telling you what you did wrong, start repeating him, quietly. 

31) Or mumble to yourself. 

32) When he tells you to stop, say, "What are you talking about, DUDE?" 

33) Drive to Dunkin Donuts and say, "Hmmm... only 5 of you here tonight."

34) Ask if they know how to make the donuts. 

35) When he comes to the car, say, "I have a badge just like yours! "

36) Ask if he watches Cops. 

37) Ask if ever watched Cop Rock. 

38) Giggle if he did. 

39) Talk to your hand. 

40) Ask if he knows someone named Rosy Palm and the Five Favorite Friends. 

41) Accuse him of sexual harassment if he does. 

42) When he frisks you, say, "You missed a spot," and grin. 

43) When he asks to inspect your car, say, "There is no alcohol in my car, the last cop got it." 

44) Try to sell him your car. 

45) Ask if you can buy his car. 

46) If he takes you to the station, ask to sit in the front. 

47) Play with the siren. 

48) If you know him, say you had his wife for dinner. 

49) If you don't know him, ask if you can have his wife for dinner. 

50) Oops... I meant OVER for dinner. 

51) Ask if he ever had pu-tang. 

52) If he asks what it is, point at him and giggle. 

53) If there is someone else in the car, talk to each other in tongues. 

54) When he acts confused, keep talking, look at him and laugh. 

55) When you are in the back, touch his neck through the fencing. 

56) Turn your head and whistle. 

57) When he pulls out his night stick, say what you gonna do with that. 

58) If you are female, say, "I don't do that on the first date." 

59) If he sticks you in the back of the car, cower in the corner, suck your thumb, and whine. 

60) Ask if you can see his gun. 

61) When he says you aren't allowed, tell him, "I just wanted to see if mine was bigger." 

62) Stare at the lights and say, "Look at the pretty colors!" 

63) Tell him you like men in uniform. 

64) Ask if you can borrow his uniform for a Halloween party.A woman had an appointment in the morning with her gynecologist and was running late. She hadn't had the time to give herself a proper washup so she took a washcloth and gave herself a wash in 'that area' in front of the sink. She threw the cloth into the wash basket after making sure she was presentable and drove to her appointment.

She was silent throughout the checkup and ignored the gynecologist when he said, "My... We have taken a little extra effort this morning, haven't we?"

It was only until after the day was over when her daughter called to ask if she had seen where her washcloth was. The woman told her to get a fresh piece from the cabinet but the daughter said, "No, I need that one that was here by the sink. It had all my glitter and sparkles in it."A young college student had stayed up all night studying for his zoology test the next day. As he arrived at classroom, he saw ten rods with platforms with ten birds on them. Each bird had a sack over its head; only the legs were showing. He sat straight in the front row because he wanted to do the best job possible. The professor announced that the test would be to look at each of the birds' legs and give the common name, habitat, genus and species. 

The student looked at each of the birds' legs. They all looked the same to him. He began to get upset. He had stayed up all night studying and now had to identify birds by their legs. The more he thought about it the angrier he got. 

Finally he could stand it no longer. He went up to the professor's desk and said, "What a stupid test! How could anyone tell the difference between birds by looking at their legs?!" With that, the student threw his test on the professor's desk and walked to the door. 

The professor was surprised. The class was so big that he didn't know every student's name so, as the student reached the door the professor called, "Hey mister, what's your name?"

The enraged student turned around, pulled up his pant legs and said, "You tell me, buddy. YOU TELL ME!""What's the usual tip?" a man growled when, Brett, a college boy delivered his pizza. 

"Well," Brett continued, "this is my first delivery, but the other guys said that if I got a quarter out of you, I'd be doing great."

"Is that so?" grunted the man. "In that case, here's five dollars."

"Thanks," Brett said, "I'll put it in my college fund." 

"By the way, what are you studying?" inquired the man. 

And Brett replied, "Applied psychology."1. Sit in a straight, comfortable chair, in a well lit place, with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 

2. Check your email. 

3. Read over the assignment carefully, to make certain you understand. 

4. Walk down to the vending machines and buy some coffee to help you concentrate. 

5. Check your email. 

6. Stop off at another floor on the way back, and visit with your friend from class. If your friend hasn't started the paper yet either, you can both walk to McDonalds and buy a hamburger to help you concentrate. If your friend shows you her paper, typed, double-spaced, and bound in one of those irritating see-thru plastic folders, drop her. 

7. When you get back to your room, sit in a straight, comfortable chair, in a clean, well lit place, with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 

8. Read over the assignment again to make absolutely certain you understand it. 

9. Check your email. 

10. You know, you haven't written to that kid you met at camp since fourth grade. You'd better write that letter now and get it out of the way so you can concentrate. 

11. Look at your teeth in the bathroom mirror. 

12. Listen to one side of your favorite tape and that's it. I mean it, as soon as it's over you are going to start that paper. 

13. Listen to the other side. 

14. Check your email. 

15. Rearrange all of your CDs into alphabetical order. 

16. Phone your friend on the other floor and ask if he's started writing yet. Exchange derogatory remarks about your teacher, the course, the college, the world at large. 

17. Sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a clean, well lit place, with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 

18. Make yourself a power snack. 

19. Check your email. 

20. Check the newspaper listings to make sure you aren't missing something truly worthwhile on TV. NOTE: When you have a paper due in less than 12 hours, anything on TV from Masterpiece Theater to Sgt. Preston of the Yukon is truly worthwhile, with these exceptions: a) Pro Bowlers Tour b) any news report involving the President.

21. Catch the last hour of Soul Brother of Kung Fu on Channel 26. 

22. Phone your friend on the third floor to see if he was watching. Discuss the finer points of the plot. 

23. Check your email. 

24. Look at your tongue in the bathroom mirror. 

25. Look through your roommate's book of pictures from home. Ask how everyone is. 

26. Sit down and do some serious thinking about your plans for the future. 

27. Open your door and check to see if there are any mysterious, trench coated strangers lurking in the hall. 

28. Check your email. 

29. Sit in a straight, comfortable chair in a clean, well lit place, with plenty of freshly sharpened pencils. 

30. Read over the assignment one more time, just for the heck of it. 

31. Scoot your chair across the room to the window and watch the sunrise. 

32. Lie face down on the floor and groan. 

33. Check your email. 

34. Leap up and write the paper. 

35. Type the paper, and while you're at it, check your email. 

36. Complain to everyone that you didn't get any sleep because you had to write that damn paper.Haircuts - The difference between men and women. 

Women's version: 

Woman2: Oh! You got a haircut! That's so cute! 

Woman1: Do you think so? I wasn't sure when she gave me the mirror. I mean, you don't think it's too fluffy looking? 

Woman2: Oh God no! No, it's perfect. I'd love to get my hair cut like that, but I think my face is too wide. I'm pretty much stuck with this stuff I think. 

Woman1: Are you serious? I think your face is adorable. And you could easily get one of those layer cuts - that would look so cute I think. I was actually going to do that except that I was afraid it would accent my long neck. 

Woman2: Oh - that's funny! I would love to have your neck! Anything to take attention away from this two-by-four I have for a shoulder line. 

Woman1: Are you kidding? I know girls that would love to have your shoulders. Everything drapes so well on you. I mean, look at my arms - see how short they are? If I had your shoulders I could get clothes to fit me so much easier. 


Men's version: 

Man2: Haircut? 

Man1: -sigh- Yeah..........A little boy and girl are playing in a sandbox. The little boy has to go to take a pee and he was told by his mother to always be polite and not to talk about private matters in public.
At first he holds it in because he does not know what to say to the little girl to excuse himself. Then he remembers what his Mom had said at the restaurant to excuse herself from the table, so he turns to the little girl and says, "Will you excuse me, I have to go powder my nose." And, saying that, he leaps out of the sandbox and runs to the washroom. 
When he returns, the little girl looks up at him and asks, "Did you powder your nose?" 

"Yes," said the little boy, stepping back into the sandbox. 

"Well, then," says the little girl, "you'd better close your purse because your lipstick is hanging out."A lady walks into a shop that sells VERY expensive Persian rugs. She browses around, then spots the perfect rug and walks over to inspect it. As she bends to feel the texture of the rug, she farts loudly. Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed her little accident and hopes a sales person does not pop up right now. As she turns back, there, standing next to her is a salesman. 

"Good day, madam. How may we help you today?"

Very uncomfortably she asks, "Sir, what is the price of this lovely rug?" 

He answers, "Madam, if you farted just touching it, you are very likely to shit when you hear the price!"BUYAGRA: Stimulant to be taken prior to shopping. Increases potency and duration of spending spree. 

MENICILLIN: Potent anti-boy-otic for older women. Increases resistance to such lines as, "You make me want to be a better person. Can we get naked now?" 

ST. MOM'S WORT: Plant extract that treats mom's depression by rendering preschoolers unconscious for up to six hours. 

EMPTY NESTROGEN: Highly effective supplement that eliminates melancholy by enhancing the memory of how awful they were as teenagers and how you couldn't wait till they moved out. 

PEPTO-BIMBO: Liquid silicone for single women. Two full cups swallowed before an evening out increases breast size, decreases intelligence, and improves flirting. 

DUMMEROL: When taken with Pepto-bimbo, can cause lowering of IQ, causing enjoyment of loud country music and cheap beer. 

FLIPITOR: Increases life expectancy of commuters by controlling road rage and the urge to flip off other drivers. 

JACKASSPIRIN: Relieves headache caused by a man who can't remember your birthday, anniversary, or phone number. 

ANTI-TALKSIDENT: A spray carried in a purse or wallet to be used on anyone too eager to share their life stories with total strangers. 

NAGAMET: When administered to a husband, provides the same irritation as nagging on him all weekend, saving the wife the time and trouble of doing it herself. 

DAMMITOL: Take two and the rest of the world can go to hell for 8 hours!Q: What would you do w/out your memories ? 

A:  ForgetQ: What is the difference between a fish and a piano ? 

A:  You can't tuna fish.Q: What did the seismologist say when he messed up?

A: It's not my fault.Q. What animal talks the most? 
A.  The yak.Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant and some peanut butter? 
 
A: Either an elephant that sticks to the roof of your mouth, or peanut butter that never forgets.Q: What did judge say when the skunk came in the court ?
A:  Odor in the court.How do you keep an idiot in suspense?

Keep scrolling down!







Not far now!







Keep going!






Solve this problem while you wait for the  answer to pop up.

6!





Not enough? Solve this!


(Pi)!









The answer will pop up shortly...









Whoops, there was a mistake. Go back to the 2nd line.These are supposedly actual signs that have appeared at various locations across the United States and rest of the world.

Sign on a repair shop door: WE CAN REPAIR ANYTHING. (PLEASE KNOCK HARD ON THE DOOR - THE BELL DOESN'T WORK) 

Sign at Norfolk farm gate: BEWARE! I SHOOT EVERY TENTH TRESPASSER AND THE NINTH ONE HAS JUST LEFT 

Seen during a conference: FOR ANYONE WHO HAS CHILDREN AND DOESN'T KNOW IT, THERE IS A DAY CARE ON THE FIRST FLOORTwo men died and went to Heaven. St. Peter greeted them, and said "I'm sorry, gentlemen, but your mansions aren't ready yet. Until they are, I can send you back to Earth as whatever you want to be." 

"Great!" said the first guy, "I want to be an eagle soaring above beautiful scenery!" 

"No problem," replied St. Peter, and POOF! The guy was gone. "And what do you want to be," St. Peter asked the other guy. 

"I'd like to be one cool stud!" was the reply. 

"Easy," replied St. Peter, and the other guy was gone. 

After a few months, their mansions were finished, and St. Peter sent an angel to fetch them back. "You'll find them easily," he says, "One of them is soaring above the Grand Canyon, and the other one is on a snow tire somewhere in Detroit!"A motorist was mailed a picture of his car speeding through an automated radar.

A $40 speeding ticket was included.

Being cute, he sent the police department a picture of $40.

The police responded with another mailed photo -- of handcuffs.A little girl spoke to her teacher about whales. 

The teacher said it was physically impossible for a whale to swallow a human because even though it is a very large mammal, its throat is very small. 

The little girl said, "But how can that be? Jonah was swallowed by a whale." 

Irritated, the teacher reiterated that a whale could not swallow a human. "It is physically impossible!" she said. 

Undaunted, the little girl said, "Well, when I get to heaven I will ask Jonah." 

To this, the teacher said, "What if Jonah went to hell?" 

The little girl replied, "Then YOU ask him!"It was the day of the big sale. Rumors of the sale (and some advertising in the local paper) were the main reason for the long line that formed by 8:30, the store's opening time, in front of the store.

A small man pushed his way to the front of the line, only to be pushed back, amid loud and colourful curse. On the man's second attempt, he was punched square in the jaw, and knocked around a bit, and then thrown at the end of the line again.

As he got up, he said to the person at the end of the line, "That does it! If they hit me one more time, I won't open the store!"Two small boys, not yet old enough to be in school, were overheard talking at the zoo one day.

"My name is Billy. What's yours?" asked the first boy.

"Tommy," replied the second.

"My Daddy's an accountant. What does your Daddy do for a living?" asked Billy.

 Tommy replied, "My Daddy's a lawyer."

"Honest?" asked Billy.

"No, just the regular kind", replied Tommy.Questions concerning love and wisdom were posed to a group of children (ages 5 to 10). Their responses were amazingly astute and very enlightening, thus proving that all we need to know, we probably learned in kindergarten.

WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED?

"Eighty-four. Because at that age, you don't have to work any more, and you can spend all your time loving each other." (Judy, 8)

"Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife." (Tommy, 5)

WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE?

"On the first date, they just tell each other lies, and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date." (Mike, 10)

WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE?

"You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding." (Jim, 10)

"Never kiss in front of other people. It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you. But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours." (Kally, 9)

THE GREAT DEBATE:

IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED?

"It's better for girls to be single, but not for boys. Boys need somebody to clean up after them." (Lynette, 9)

"It gives me a headache to think about that stuff. I'm just a kid. I don't need that kind of trouble." (Kenny, 7)

CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE:

"No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell. That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular." (Jan, 9)

"I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful." (Harlen, 8)

ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE:

"If falling in love is anything like learning to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes too long to learn." (Leo, 7)

ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE AND ROMANCE:

"If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful." (Jeanne, 8)

"It isn't always just how you look. Look at me. I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet." (Gary, 7)

"Beauty is skin deep. But how rich you are can last a long time." (Christine, 9)

CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS:

"They want to make sure their rings don't fall off, because they paid good money for them." (David, 8)

CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE:

"Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I've been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me." (Bobby, 8)

"I'm not rushing into being in love. I'm finding fourth grade hard enough." (Regina, 10)

PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER:

"One of you should know how to write a check. Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills." (Ava, 8)

SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU:

"Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores." (Del, 6)

"Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers. You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love." (Alonzo, 9)

"One way is to take the girl out to eat. Make sure it's something she likes to eat. French fries usually works for me." (Bart, 9)

HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE ?

"Just see if the man picks up the check. That's how you can tell if he's in love." (John, 9)

"Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold. Other people care more about the food." (Brad, 8)

"It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire. They like to order those because it's just like their hearts are on fire." (Christine, 9)

WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY, "I LOVE YOU":

"The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him, but I hope he showers at least once a day." (Michelle, 9)

HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS:

"You learn it right on the spot, when the 'gooshy' feelings get the best of you." (Doug, 7)

"It might help if you watched soap operas all day." (Carin, 9)

WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE?

"It's never okay to kiss a boy. They always slobber all over you. That's why I stopped doing it." (Jean, 10)

HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE:

"Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work." (Tom, 7)

"Don't forget your wife's name...that will mess up the love." (Roger,8)

"Be a good kisser. It might make your wife forget that you never take the trash out." (Randy, 8)Two white horses fell in the mud and three came out.You're so dumb, you drowned when you were bathed in sunlight.This young girl about 7 year old had a dog which she took for a walk everyday after school. 

Well, one day her dog was in heat, so her father told her that she couldn't walk the dog for a week or so because it wasn't feeling well. 

His daughter became very upset and cried for most of the night.

The next day the father came up with a plan. He put some gasoline on the dogs rear end to hide the smell from the male dogs.

Well when the girl got home she was happy to find that she could now walk her dog again.

About an hour later, the girl returned without the dog.

The father asked, "What on earth has happened to the dog?"

The girl replies, "Well she ran out of gas a few blocks back, and is being pushed home by another dog."Bill Clinton's limo is driving along a back country road on the way back to Washington from Camp David, when all of a sudden a pig jumps out in front of the limo.  Bill, upset, tells the chauffeur to drive to the nearest farm house so he can pay for the damages and apologize.

They arrive at the farm house up the road, and Clinton tells the driver to go inside and tell the farmer and his wife what happened.

2 hours later, the driver emerges from the door with his clothes in disarray, a brown paper bag, and a huge smile across his face.

Bill wants to know what happened. The driver tells him, "I went inside, they made me a nice steak, then the parents introduced meto their 24 year old daughter who was a finalist in the Miss America Pageant, they left us alone to have sex for an hour, and when I was finished, I came downstairs and the mother had thisbag of cookies for me."

Bill says, "What did you tell them?"

The driver replies, "I told them I was Bill Clinton's driver, and that I just killed the pig."Little Johnny tried out for the school play. The teacher gave him these lines to practice:

"Hark! A pistol shot! There lies a lady with hope in her soul. I think I'll snatch a kiss and run into the forest. By William Shakespeare."

Little Johnny practiced and practiced and did the lines perfectly every time. The night of the play it was his turn to speak. This is what he said:

"Hark! A pigeon shit! There lies a lady with soap in her hole. I think I'll kiss her snatch and run into the forest. By William Snakeshit... Horseshit... Oh, shit! I didn't want to be in this damn play anyway!"What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder?

"You may have graduated, but I have several degrees."I see London, I see France, I see your underpants.A little boy and his older sister were building paper airplanes when his sister said, "We should stop building planes now and play with the ones we've got. We don't need to waste any more paper."
"Why?"
"Because if we use too much paper we'll lose all the trees, and everyone will die.."
"Because we don't have any paper?"A man and his wife were having an argument about who should brew the coffee each morning. The wife said, "You should do it, because you get up first, and then we don't have to wait as long to get our coffee."  The husband said, "You are in charge of the cooking around here and you should do it, because that is your job, and I can just wait for my coffee."

The wife replies, "No you should do it, and besides it is in the bible that man should do the coffee."

The husband replies, "I can't believe that, show me."  So she fetched the bible, and opened the New Testament and shows him the top of several pages, that it indeed says........"HEBREWS"Why do gorillas have big nostrils?

Because they have big fingers!!!What kind of soup weighs 1000 pounds?

Won ton soup!3 expecting mothers were talking in their doctors office, about the sex of their babies.

The first mother said, "I'm having a boy."

"How can you be so sure?" asked the other two.

"Well" said the first, "my husband was on top."

The second replied, "If that's the case then I'm having a girl because I was on top."

The third started to cry. The first two asked her what was wrong.

"I'm going to have a puppy" she replied.A lawyer, a carpenter and an astronaut were having drinks in a bar when suddenly one gets up and hits the other.
"who hit me?"
"It wasn't me."
"I didn't see too much either."

"It must have been the dog"
"What dog?"
"I'm blind so I couldn't see a dog."

"Doh, that means I hit myself."
"hahahahaha how strange I thought you guys had hit me. Sorry about that."A man drove up to a beautiful lady at a stop light. She was in a nice Porsche.  

He asks her, "Excuse me, miss, you have Grey Poupon?"

"I sure hope not, I just got my car waxed; damn those birds."My computer is like Britney Spears; cheap, white, and plastic.Border Collie: Just one. Then I'll replace any wiring that's not up to code. 

Rottweiler: Make me! 

Lab: Oh, me, me! Pleeease let me change the light bulb! Can I? Huh? Huh? 

Dachshund: You know I can't reach that stupid lamp! 

Malamute: Let the Border Collie do it. You can feed me while he's busy. 

Jack Russell Terrier: I'll just pop it in while I'm bouncing off the walls. 

Greyhound: It isn't moving. Who cares? 

Cocker Spaniel: Why change it? I can still pee on the carpet in the dark.

Pointer: I see it, there it is, there it is, right there! 

Chihuahua: Yo quiero Taco Bulb? 

Australian Shepherd: First, I'll put all the light bulbs in a little circle... 

Basset Hound: Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz...

Poodle: I'll just blow in the Border Collie's ear and he'll do it. By the time he finishes rewiring the house, my nails will be dry. 

Golden Retriever: The sun is shining, the day is young, we've got our whole lives ahead of us, and you're inside worrying about a stupid burned-out bulb?A carpet layer had just finished installing carpet for a lady. He stepped out for a smoke, only to realize he'd lost his cigarettes. 

In the middle of the room, under the carpet, was a bump. 

''No sense pulling up the entire floor for one pack of smokes,'' he said to himself. He proceeded to get out his hammer and flattened the hump. 

As he was cleaning up, the lady came in. ''Here,'' she said, handling him his pack of cigarettes. ''I found them in the hallway.'' 

''Now,'' she said, ''if only I could find my parakeet. ''Laughter is like changing a baby's diaper... 

It doesn't permanently solve 
any problems, but it makes things 
more acceptable for a while!One day a blond from Cali decides to move take a trip to North Carolina to see her brunette friend. Of course, being a blond, she assumes that NC is like a whole different country. 
     
     When she gets there her friend is driving her back to the house. The blond asks "Do those traffic lights mean something different here?" and the brunette, playing a prank on the blond, says 

"Yes. When the light it green, all the brunettes go. When the light is yellow, all the red heads go, and when the light is red, all the blonds go." 

The very next day the blond goes to pick up some groceries for her and her friend. The light turns green. A lot of cars go and the blond is thinking, "Well, there sure are a lot of brunettes here." Then the light turns yellow and a few more cars go. She thinks "Well, there are a fair amount of red heads." Finally the light turns red and she goes and CRASH!!! She gets into a car accident.

The policeman is talking to her and he is about to give her a ticket for running a red light. He says to her "Miss, why did you run the red light" and she answers "What do you expect, I'm a blond!"It ain't easy to be a dick;

I've got a head I can't think with,
An eye I can't see out of.

I have to hang around with two nuts all the time.
My closest neighbour is a real asshole.
My best friend is a pussy.

And every time I get excited, I throw up;
And worst of all, my owner beats me.It was a sweltering hot day when three guys, Arnold, Bobby and Calvin, were walking along a never-ending path in a park.

Arnold: It sure is hot! I'd like a vanilla cone very much.
Bobby: Yeah, my shirt's soak with sweat. I'd give 10 bucks for a strawberry cone.
Calvin: Well I'd give 20 bucks for any cone.

Arnold picks something off the ground saying, "Pay up Cal, here's a pine cone."See if you can find the hidden image in the group of characters below.  It takes some concentration, but it's worth it.
Don't cheat by scrolling down before you look at it. Have fun!

You'll be surprised when you see what it is...



{{{{{{{===**++++*****+++++++++++????????///                  //////////%\\\
    @@@@@444+=+=****&^"""""}}}|||||||]]]           
       xxxxxxxx<<<<<>>>>>>>xxxxxxxx
             ~~~~~~*********~~~~~~~~
====||\\/////////*****<><><><><><><>{}{}{}
                %%%%%%%%%%%%
         $$$&&$$&$$===~|~|~|~|====++   


Most people find it easiest to put your nose right up to the screen, then slowly back away while continuing to stare.




If you still don't see it scroll down for the answer......





















ANSWER:
It's a picture of..........NOTHING!!!

I can't believe you fell for that! I hope someone walked by and saw you looking like a complete fool with your eyes crossed and your nose against the screenDoris and Fred had started their retirement years and decided to raise some extra cash by advertising for a tenant for their terrace house. After a few days, a young attractive woman applied for the room and explained that she was a model working in a
nearby city center studio for a few weeks and that she would like the room from Mondays to Thursdays, but would pay for the whole week.

Doris showed her the house and they agreed to start straight away. "There's just one problem," explained the model. "Because of my job, I have to take a bath every night, and I notice you don't have a bath."

"That's not a problem," replied Doris. "We have a tin
bath out in the yard and we bring it in to the living room in front of the fire and fill it with hot water."

"What about your husband?" asked the model.

"Oh, he plays darts most weekdays, so he will be out in the evenings," replied Doris.

"Good," said the model. "Now that that's settled, I'll
go to the studio and see you tonight."

That evening, Fred dutifully went to his darts match while Doris prepared the bath for the model. After stripping off, the model stepped into the bath. Doris was amazed to see that she had no pubic hair. The model noticed Doris's staring eyes, so she smiled
and explained that it is part of her job to shave herself, especially when modeling swimwear or underclothes.

Later when Fred returned, Doris related this oddity and he did not believe her.

"It's true, I tell you!" said Doris. "Look, if you
don't believe me, tomorrow night I'll leave the curtains slightly open and you can peek in and see for yourself."

The next night, Fred left as usual and Doris prepared the bath for the model. As the model stepped naked into the bath, Doris stood behind her. Doris looked towards the curtains and pointed
towards the model's naked pubic area. Then she lifted up her skirt and, wearing no panties, pointed to her own hairy mass.

Later Fred returned and they retired to bed.

"Well, do you believe me now?" she asked Fred.

"Yes," he replied. "I've never seen anything like it
in my life. But why did you lift up your skirt and show yourself?"

"Just to show you the difference." answered Doris.
"But I guess you've seen me millions of times."

"Yes," said Fred, "I have - but the rest of the dart
team hadn't."Why did the blonde run out of shampoo? 
She kept following the instructions: lather, rinse, repeat!Q: Do you have any children or anything of that kind? 

Q: Please state the nature of your relationship to the minor child? 
A: I'm his mother. 
Q: And you have been so all of his life? 

Q: What is the meaning of sperm being present? 
A: It indicates intercourse. 
Attorney Q: Male sperm? 
A: That is the only kind I know. 

Q: Doctor, as a result of your examination of the plaintiff, is the young lady pregnant? 
A: The young lady is pregnant ? but not as a result of my examination. 


Q: "Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?"
A: "No."
Q: "Did you check for blood pressure?"
A: "No."
Q: "Did you check for breathing?"
A: "No."
Q: "So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?"
A: "No."
Q: "How can you be so sure, Doctor?"
A: "Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar."
Q: "But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless?"
A: "It is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere."Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews
had to leave Italy. There was, of course, a huge outcry from
the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He would
have a religious debate with a leader of the Jewish
community. If the Jewish leader won the debate, the Jews
would be permitted to stay in Italy. If the Pope won, the
Jews would have to leave. 

The Jewish community met and picked an aged Rabbi, Moishe,
to represent them in the debate. Rabbi Moishe, however, could
not speak Latin and the Pope could not speak Yiddish. So it
was decided that this would be a "silent" debate. 

On the day of the great debate, the Pope and Rabbi Moishe
sat opposite each other for a full minute before the Pope
raised his hand and showed three fingers. 

Rabbi Moishe looked back and raised one finger. 

Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. 

Rabbi Moishe pointed to the ground where he sat. 

The Pope then brought out a communion wafer and chalice of
wine. 

Rabbi Moishe pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood
up and said, "I concede the debate. This man has bested me.
The Jews can stay." 

Later, the Cardinals gathered around the Pope, asking him
what had happened. 

The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent
the Trinity. He responded by holding up one finger to remind
me that there was still one God common to both our religions.
Then I waved my finger around me to show him that God was all
around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show
that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine
and the wafer to show that God absolves us of our sins. He
pulled out an apple to remind me of original sin. He had an
answer for everything. What could I do?" 

Meanwhile, the Jewish community crowded around Rabbi Moishe,
asking what happened. "Well," said Moishe, "first he said to
me, 'You Jews have three days to get out of here.' So I said
to him, 'Up yours'. Then he tells me the whole city would be
cleared of Jews. So I said to him, 'Listen here Mr. Pope, the
Jews ... we stay right here!" 

"And then?" asked a woman. 

"Who knows?" said Rabbi Moishe. "We broke for lunch."News Flash : Today the world was stunned by the news of the death of the Energizer Bunny. He was six years old. Authorities believe that the death occurred approximately 8:42 PM last evening. Best known as the irritating pink bunny that kept going, and going and going, "Pinkie" as he was known to his friends and family was alone at the time of his death. An emergency autopsy was performed early this morning. The Chief Medical Examiner  concluded that the cause of death was acute cardiac arrest induced by sexual over-stimulation. Apparently, someone had put the bunny's batteries in backwards and he kept coming, and coming, and  coming...Late one night in the Washington D.C., a mugger wearing a ski mask jumped into the path of a well-dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs. 
"Give me your money!" he demanded. 
Indignant, the affluent man replied, "You can't do this - I'm a US Congressman!" 
"In that case," replied the robber, "give me MY money!"There's a man trying to cross the street. As he steps off the curb a car comes screaming around the corner and heads straight for him. 

The man walks faster, trying to hurry across the street, but the car changes lanes and is still coming at him.  So the guy turns around to go back, but the car changes lanes again and continues in his direction. 

By now, the car is so close and the man so scared that he just freezes and stops in the middle of the road.

The car gets really close, then swerves at the last possible moment and screeches to a halt right next him.  The driver rolls down the window.  The driver is a squirrel.

The squirrel says to the man says, "See, it's not as easy as it looks, is it?"There were three guys that won a contest. They would get to spend a year in a room with anything they chose. The first guy loves to have sex. So they put him in a room for a year with over 200 girls to have sex with for a year. The second guy loved to get drunk. So they put him in a room with every beer there ever was to drink for a year. The third guy loved to smoke. So they put him in a room with every kind of cigarette there was to smoke. Two hours later they hear the guy that loved to smoke banging on the door but they say fuck him, he's in there for a year.

A year later they let them out. They first guy came out and he could barely walk, after how many times he had sex. The second guy came out and couldn't walk because he was so drunk. The third guy came out crying. They asked him why he was banging on the door and why he was crying. He said, " I forgot my lighter!"In a recent survey, 60 percent of respondents said the cities they live in are noisier now than they were five years ago. The other 40 percent didn't hear the question.Dear Dad, 
$chool i$ really $well. I am making lot$ of friend$ and $tudying very hard. I have $o much $tuff, I $imply can't think of anything I need. $o if you like, $end me a card, a$ I would love to hear from you.
                                               Love Your $on

Dear Son,
I kNOw astroNOmy, ecoNOmy, and oceaNOgraphy are eNOugh to keep an hoNOrs student busy. Do NOt forget that the pursuit of kNOwledge is a NOble task, and you can't study eNOugh.
                                                Love, DadKnock Knock!
Who's There?
Dishwasher.
Dishwasher Who?
Dishwasher whay I sphoke vhefore I hafe fawse feeth
(This was the way I spoke before I had false teeth)Men are like... Placemats. They only show up when there's food on the table.

Men are like... Mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.

Men are like... Government Bonds. They take so long to mature.

Men are like... Lava Lamps. Fun to look at but not so bright.

Men are like... Bank accounts, without a lot of money, they don't generate much interest.

Men are like... High heels, they're easy to walk on once you get the hang of it.Ever notice how many of women's problems can be traced to the male gender?

MENstruation
MENopause
MENtal breakdown
GUYnecology (Gynecology)
HIMmorrhoid (Hemorrhoid)There were three boys with names Shutup, Manners and Trouble. They were walking around town when they realized Trouble was missing. Shutup and Manners searched and searched but failed to find the missing boy. At a lost, they went up to the Neighbourhood Police Post. Manners had to go to the toilet so Shutup went up and spoke to the policeman there.

Policeman=P Shutup=S

P: Hi little boy, what's your name?
S: Shutup
P: What a rude boy! Where are your manners?
S: At the toilet
P: What are you talking about? Are you looking for trouble here?
S: YesA couple were at the beach watching a volleyball game when they notice a pair of adults nearby kissing passionately, the woman running her hands down the man's arms, massaging erotically while nibbling on his ear. The couple was intrigued yet they don't want to miss the exciting match so the girl asked her boyfriend if she should watch the match or them. The guy replied, "Watch them. You already know how to play volleyball."An agitated patron calls on to the blond waiter and inquired why there was a footprint on his meal.
"Well," the innocent-looking blond waiter replied. "You rushed in here, ordered an omelette and asked me to step on it."This memo is to announce the development of a new software system which will be Year 2000 compliant. known as:

"Millennia Year Application Software System" (MYASS).

Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show MYASS to everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at MYASS.

We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use MYASS. This restriction will be removed after MYASS expands.

Some employees have begun using the program already. This morning I walked into a subordinate's office and was not surprised to find that he had his nose buried in MYASS. Some of the less technical people may be somewhat afraid of MYASS.

Last week my secretary said to me, "I'm a little nervous, I never put anything in MYASS before." I helped her through the first time and afterward she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again, and was even ready to kiss MYASS.

There have been concerns over the virus that was found in MYASS upon initial installation, but the virus has been eliminated and we were able to save MYASS. In the future, however, protection will be required prior to entering MYASS.

This database will encompass all information associated with the business. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in MYASS. As MYASS grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, "Here, stick this in MYASS."Five toads arrived at the Heaven's Gates. The man in charge asked for each toad's name and what they had been doing. 

The first gave his name and said he had been going in and out of puddles. The man let him through the gate. 

He interrogated the next three toads and all three too said they had been going in and out of puddles. Since there was nothing wrong, the man let them all in.

Then he reached the last toad. She was a pretty one, in toad's sense, and when asked what her name was, she replied, "Puddles."A blond was using a pager for the first time. When the operator instructed her to key in "10" to leave a voice message, she followed and after the beep, said, "Excuse me, may I speak to Zeron please?"Rich and Kim, a couple, were in a room when Kim asked Rich if he would ever forget her. He replied that he would never forget her. Then she said, "Knock-knock!" and, of course, Rich said, "Who's there?"  "See!" she exclaimed sulkily.  "You have forgotten already."A woman went to shop for a mirror when she chanced upon an expensive one. When she asked why, the salesman told her it was magical, that if you recited a rhyme in front of it, your wishes would come true. The woman bought it and hung it on the door at home.

Mirror Mirror on the door
Make my busts a forty-four

The woman instantly had a huge chest. She told her husband but he was in doubt. He went to the mirror then and said:

Mirror Mirror on the door
Make my penis hit the floor

His legs were missing, leaving stumps mid-thigh.A man selling hats went to a jungle for a rest. A monkey came and stole a hat. The man couldn't catch the monkey. He realized the monkey followed the man's actions. He threw the hat to the ground. The monkey threw the hat to the ground. He picked up both hats and went away.

The man then had a grandson who followed the family business and sold hats. The grandson went to a jungle to rest while selling hats. A monkey came and stole a hat. The grandson thought of his grandfather's story, and threw the hat on the floor. The monkey ran and picked up the hat. It then slapped the grandson, saying, "You think you're the only one having a grandfather?"Yo momma's so old, her memories are in black and white!Two boys were walking home from Sunday school after hearing a strong preaching on the devil.  One said to the other, "What do you think about all this Satan stuff?"
The other boy replied, "Well, you know how Santa Claus turned out. It's probably just your dad."A young , attractive woman thought she might have some fun with a stiff-looking military man at a cocktail party, so she walked over and asked him, "Major, when was the last time you had sex?"

"1956," was his reply. "No wonder you look so uptight!" she exclaimed. "Major, you need to get out more!"

"I'm not sure I understand you," he answered, glancing at his watch, ..."It's only 2014 now."Yo moma's like a mail box, open all day and all night.A king is sentencing his prisoners. The first person enters and says that he stole a horse. "Hang him," the king yells. The second person comes in and says he stole old ladies' purses. "You heartless fiend! Shoot him" the king growls. The third person comes in and says that he pirated software on the internet and stole billions of dollars from internet companies. "Well what the heck are you guys doing just standing there?", he tells his men, "Hire him already!"One day, a man held a contest. The winner would be who could get the most ping pong balls in one day.

The first man comes back with 100.
The second man comes back with 110.
The third man comes back with a whole ton of bruises. The men ask him why he didn't collect any ping pong balls and why he was bruised. He said,

"Ping pong balls? I thought he said King Kong's balls!There was a little boy who had just learned to count on his fingers. One day his uncle came to visit and the boy was anxious to show off his newly acquired skill. He told the uncle to ask him an addition question. So the uncle asked, "What is three plus four?" The little boy counts it out on his fingers and said, "Seven." The uncle said, "Listen kid, you can't count it out on your hands because someday when you are in school, a teacher will get mad at you for it. Now put your hands in your pockets." So the little boy put his hands in his pockets and his uncle asked, "What is five plus five?" The uncle saw movement in the boys pockets, then the boy
said, "Eleven."A redneck couple had lived together in the backwoods for over fifty years. To celebrate their fiftieth anniversary, the man took her to a large city and they checked into a plush hotel.

The woman said to the bellman, "We refuse to settle for such a small room. No windows, no bed, and no air conditioning."

"But, madam," replied the bellman.

"Don't 'But madam' me," she continued. "You can't treat us like we're a couple of fools just because we don't travel much, and we've never been to the big city, and never spent the night at a hotel. I'm going to complain to the manager."

"Madam," the bellman said, "this isn't your room; this is the elevator!"Little Johnny got on a bus and sat down next to a man. He noticed that the man had a strange kind of shirt collar, so he asked him, "Excuse me, sir, but why do you have your shirt collar on backwards?"

The man smiled kindly and answered, "I wear this collar because I am a father."

Little Johnny thought a second and responded, "Sir, I have a father, but he wears his collar the other way around. Why do you wear your collar so differently?"

The priest thought for a minute, and said, "I am the Father for many."

Little Johnny quickly answered, "My father, too, is the father of many. He has four sons, four daughters and many grandchildren. But he wears his collar like everyone else does. Why do you wear yours backwards?"

The priest, flustered, said impatiently, "I am the Father for hundreds and hundreds of people."

Little Johnny sat silently for a long time. As he got up to leave the bus, he leaned over to the priest and said, "Mister, maybe you should wear your pants backwards."A pregnant woman goes into a coma moments after she gives birth to twins, one boy and one girl.

When she awakens, several days later, she cries out frantically to see her children. The doctors come to her, and the first thing she asks is "How are my children?" 

"Fine" says the doctor, your brother named them. She thinks to herself, Oh no, my brother's an idiot.

"What did he name them?" she asks the doctor.

"He named the girl Denise" said the doctor.

Well, maybe I misjudged my brother, Denise isn't such a bad name, she realizes. "What did he name the boy?"

Replies the doctor "Denephew."After being with her all evening, the man couldn't take another minute with his blind date. Earlier, he had secretly arranged to have a friend call him to the phone so he would have an excuse to leave if something like this happened.

When he returned to the table, he lowered his eyes, put on a grim expression and said, "I have some bad news. My grandfather just died."

"Thank heavens," his date replied. "If yours hadn't, mine would have had to!"At a jewelry store, a young man bought an expensive locket as a present for his girlfriend. "Don't you want her name engraved upon it?" asked the jeweler. The young man thought for a moment, and then, ever the pragmatic, steadfastly replied,

"No, just engrave it: To My One And Only Love. That way, if we break up and she throws it back to me in anger, I can use it again."God says the world is going to end, so he chooses three famous people to tell everyone. So, George Bush, Bill Gates, and Saddam Hussein come to see, him. God tells them that the world is going to end and tells them to tell their people. George Bush goes live on CNN and tells America, "Folks, I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that you were right all along, there is a God. The bad news is that he is ending the world." Saddam goes to tell all of his people of his encounter, "My people, I have some bad news and some worse news, the bad news is that those damn Americans were right all along, there is a God. The worse news is that he is ending the world." Then Bill Gates writes an e-mail to all of his friends and employees, "Hi people, Iv'e got some great news and even better news. The great news is that God thinks I am one of the most famous people on earth. The even better news is that we don't have to upgrade from Windows XP.Q. How did Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker had for Christmas?

A. He felt his presence!Q. How did the blond injure herself raking leaves?

A. She fell out of the tree!Q. What did Stevie Wonder say about the cheese grater he got for Christmas?

A. It was the scariest book he had ever read!An American. an Englishman and a Chinese man were all taking part in a quiz contest. One question asked them was to fill in a blank in a song title and then spell the word. The song title was 'Old Macdonald had a ----'.
The American was first to answer - he said 'ranch', spelt R-A-N-C-H.
"Wrong" said the quiz master.
The Englishman answered next - he said 'estate', spelt E-S-T-A-T-E.
"Wrong" said the quiz master.
Then the Chinese man answered - he said 'farm'.
"Please spell it" said the quiz master.
"E - I - E - I - O"As part of his plan to let the Yanks know that he is not only still alive but ready to kick ass, Saddam sent a letter to George W Bush. The letter was immediately recognised as from the former dictator of Iraq and was detoxified and checked for explosives before being opened. In it was a single sheet of paper with the characters:-
370HSSV 0773H
The president couldn't work out what this meant, so he had an aide type a copy and sent it to that very smart man, Donald Rumsfeld. The Secretary of Defence and his aides studied it for a week, using the most powerful code cracking computers the NSA could come up with, and were still stumped .They sent it to Langley, where the CIA similarly had no luck. The FBI did no better. In desperation they even tried the British - no joy there - and MIT. Nobody could make any sense of the message.
Eventually, they called in the Mossad, Israel's secret service. They looked at it for a few seconds and e-mailed back to Washington, "Tell the President he's holding the paper upside down."If you were any more pointless, you would be a circle.If your IQ was any lower you would trip on it.Yo momma is so fat when she sits down in class she sits by everyone.Yo momma is so fat when I put her on the family tree the branch broke.Yo momma is so fat her belt size is the equator.A woman went to a wishing well and wished that she could become a better driver. So she turned into a man.Q: How many Lizzie's does it take to screw up a light bulb 
A: I Dunno,  but  it only takes one to screw up a graduation ( from movie lizzie McGuire: she ruins junior high graduation)Did you hear about the blond who tried to hijack a submarine?
She demanded $100,000 and a parachute.You know something is wrong with today's educational system when you figure out that of the three R's, reading, writing, and arithmetic, only one actually starts with an R."It's chilly in here," the wealthy customer sniffed. "Will you please turn down the air conditioner?"

"No problem sir," said the waiter.

After a few minutes, the man flagged the server again. "Now I'm too warm."

"All right," said the waiter. But soon the customer was chilly again.

Finally a patron at a nearby table whispered to the waiter, "I commend you for your patience. That guy is certainly keeping you busy."

"No he's not," the waiter said with a shrug. "We don't even have an air conditioner."These two poor kids go to a birthday party at a rich kid's house. The kid is so rich that he has his own swimming pool, and all the kids go in. As they're changing afterwards, one of the poor kids says to the other one, "Did you notice how small the rich kid's penises were?" "Yeah," says his mate, "It's probably because they've got toys to play with."Bill pilled up a stool at his favorite bar and announced, "My wife Suzie must love me more than any woman has ever loved any man!" "What makes you say that?" the bartender inquired.  "Last week," Bill explained, "I had to take a couple of sick days from work. Suzie was so thrilled to have me around that every time the milkman and the post office guy came by, she'd run down the driveway, waving her arms and hollering, `My old man's home! My old man's home!'"What do Michael Jackson and plastic bags have in common? 
They are both made out of plastic and are dangerous for children to play with.At the airport for a business trip, I settled down to wait for the boarding announcement at Gate 35. Then I heard the voice on the public address system saying, "We apologize for the inconvenience, but Delta Flight 570 will board from Gate 41."

So my family picked up our luggage and carried it over to Gate 41. Not ten minutes later the public address voice told us that Flight 570 would in fact be boarding from Gate 35.

So, again, we gathered our carry-on luggage and returned to the original gate. Just as we were settling down, the public address voice spoke again: "Thank you for participating in Delta's physical fitness program.There once was a blind man who decided to visit Texas. When he arrived on the plane, he felt the seats and said, "Wow, these seats are big!" The person next to him answered, "Everything is big in Texas." 

When he finally arrived in Texas, he decided to visit a bar. Upon arriving in the bar, he ordered a beer and got a mug placed between his hands. He exclaimed, "Wow these mugs are big!" The bartender replied, "Everything is big in Texas." 

After a couple of beers, the blind man asked the bartender where the bathroom was located. The bartender replied, "Second door to the right." The blind man headed for the bathroom, but accidentally tripped over and skipped the second door. Instead, he entered the third door, which lead to the swimming pool and fell into the pool by accident. 

Scared to death, the blind man started shouting, "Don't flush, don't flush!"How many cartoon characters does it take to screw in a light bulb?

nine - three to find a light bulb, three to figure out how to remove the old one, three to screw it in, and all of them to complicate it!How do you know, your computer hates you?

When it grows and pop ups.Q: How many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose? 
 

Now, think about it..... 
 

Ready??? 


ARE YOU SURE??? 





A: 10 little piggies, 2 calves, 1 ass, 1 beaver, an unknown number of hares, and a fish no one can find.How do you know that you're a computer geek?

You catch a computer virus and take a virus scanning pill every week.What exactly does the government do?

They seem to complicate all the simple things while trying to do the opposite.Once upon a time, there was an elderly couple. Next door, there lived a Peeping Tom. One day, the couple received a phone call. The woman said, "Fred! Peeping Tom tells us to shut the blinds or he'll call the police!"One day my wife was changing my daughter's diaper, and my 3 year old son walked in and saw her and asked, "Mommy, where is her thingy?"

I almost had a heart attack, laughing so hard that day.How many worms does it take to screw in a light bulb?

What kind of an idiot thinks worms can screw in light bulbs?!You know that you're a really boring person when someone steals your identity and then tries to give it back.A man walked into the ladies department of a store and shyly walked up to the woman behind the counter and said, "I'd like to buy a bra for my wife." 

"What type of bra?" asked the clerk. "Type?" inquires the man, "There is more than one type?" 

"Look around," said the saleslady, as she showed a sea of bras in every shape, size, color and material imaginable. "Actually, even with all of this variety, there are really only four types of bras to choose from." 

Relieved, the man asked about the types. 

The saleslady replied "There are the Catholic, the Salvation Army, the Presbyterian, and the Baptist types. Which one would you prefer?" 

Now befuddled, the man asked about the differences between them. 

The saleslady responded, 
"It is all really quite simple... 

The Catholic type
supports the masses. 

The Salvation Army
type lifts the fallen, 
    
The Presbyterian type
keeps them staunch and upright, 

and the Baptist makes
mountains out of mole hills."Said the pig to his pop, "There's the candy shop. Oh, please Let's go inside." "And I promise I won't  make a kid of myself if you give me a people-back ride."The idiots we have today.

They're so stupid they make turkeys seem smart.
They even make sponges seem smarter.There's a man sitting at a bar just looking at his drink. He stays like that for half an hour. Then, a big trouble-making truck driver steps next to him, takes the drink from the guy, and just drinks it all down.

The poor man starts crying. The truck driver says, "Come on man, I was just joking. Here, I'll buy you another drink. I just can't stand seeing a man crying."

"No, it's not that. This day is the worst of my life. First, I fall asleep, and I'm late to my office. My boss, in an outrage, fires me. When I leave the building to my car, I found out it was stolen. The police say they can do nothing. I get a cab to return home and when I leave it, I remember I left my wallet and credit cards there. The cab driver just drives away. I go home and when I get there, I find my wife sleeping with the gardener. I leave home and come to this bar. And when I was thinking about putting an end to my life, you show up and drink my poison."A man in a bar sees a friend at a table, drinking by himself. 

Approaching the friend he comments, "You look terrible. What's the problem?" 

"My mother died in August," he said, "and left me $25,000." 

"Gee, that's tough," he replied. 

"Then in September," the friend continued, "My father died, leaving me $90,000." 

"Wow. Two parents gone in two months. No wonder you're depressed." 

"And last month my aunt died, and left me $15,000." 

"Three close family members lost in three months? How sad." 

"Then this month," continued, the friend, "absolutely nothing!"A drunk walked into a bar and, after staring for sometime at the only woman seated at the bar, walked over to her and kissed her. She jumped up and slapped him silly. He immediately apologized and explained, "I'm sorry. I thought you were my wife. You look exactly like her." 

"Why you worthless, insufferable, wretched, no good drunk!" she screamed. 

"Funny," he muttered, "you even sound exactly like her."All of the following town names are REAL:

Long Dong (Guangxi, China)

Blowhard (Australia)

Pickles Gap (Arkansas)

Petting (Germany)

Mount Mee (Australia)

Titting (Germany)

Lickdale (Pennsylvania, USA)

Yocumtown (Pennsylvania, USA)

Fugit (Kentucky, USA)

Assinippi (Massachusetts, USA)

Big Cockup and Little Cockup (England)

Cocktown (Wexford, Ireland)

Sally's Gap (Ireland)

Dick Johnson (Indiana, USA)

Beaver Bottom (Kentucky, USA)

Black Butte (Oregon, USA)

Sandy Balls (England)

Tilicum (Washington, USA)

Cockburn (Australia)

Bangor (Wales)

Dyckesville (Wisconsin, USA)

Ballville (Ohio, USA)

Prickwillow (England)

Black Charlie's Opening (England)

Kinmount (Ontario, Canada)

Euren (Wisconsin, USA)

Cockland (Ohio, USA)

Assville (Tennessee, USA)

Spuzzum (Canada)

Bloody Dick (Montana, USA)

Shafter (California, USA)

Beaver (Oklahoma, USA)

Mt. Buggery (Australia)

Handcock Town (North Carolina, USA)

Shitlingthorpe (Yorkshire, UK)

Bastard (Norway)

Sackville (Canada)  
 
Twatt (Orkney, UK)

Muff (County Donegal, Ireland)

Licking Valley (Ohio, USA)There were three monks and a lady arguing about something that the lady was sure she was correct in, but could not convince the monks otherwise. She then prayed to God and asked for a sign. Lightning hit and she said, "Is that enough proof for you?" 
They replied that lightning strikes all the time and is a natural occurrence. She asked for another sign, and lightning struck a nearby tree; again, they denounced her, saying that it was a natural occurrence. She asked again and a voice rumbled from the sky saying, "SHEEEEE'S RIIIIGHTTTT!"
She then thought she had beaten them, when one of them said, "Well, it's still three to two."A blonde buys a box of laundry detergent, and it says on the box, "20 uses".

A day later, the blonde calls the laundry detergent company and says, "I bought your product and the box says '20 uses', but all it does is my laundry!"A young man excitedly tells his mother he's fallen in love and is going to get married. He says, "Just for fun, Mom, I'm going to bring over three women and you try and guess which one I'm going to marry." The mother agrees. The next day, he brings three beautiful women into the house and sits them down on the couch and they chat for a while. He then says, "Okay, Mom. Guess which one I'm going to marry." She immediately replies, "The red-head in the middle." Stunned, the young man says, "That's amazing, Mom. You're right. How did you know?"

"I don't like her," she says.A golfer was having a round of golf with the local vicar. The golfer took his birdie put, but then a gust of wind blew the ball just wide of the hole. The golfer, being very bad tempered, then exclaimed "Damn - missed the bugger!".

The vicar said to the man "Please do not use foul language again."

They moved onto the next hole and exactly the same thing happened - a gust of wind blew the ball just wide. Once again the golfer shouted "Damn - missed the bugger!"

This annoyed the vicar, so he turned to the man and said "Please do not use bad language again, or the heavens shall open and God will strike you down with a bolt of lightning!"

But once again, on the next hole a gust of wind blew the ball just wide, and the golfer screamed "Damn - missed the bugger!"

As soon as he said this the heavens opened and a lightning bolt shot down and struck the vicar. 

Then God's voice boomed "Damn - missed the bugger!"A tourist to New York City, Bob, was marveling at the Poe opera house. 

As a man passed by Bob asked "Was this building named for the great author and poet Edgar Allen Poe?"

"No," replied the man, "the building was named for James Poe."

"What did he write?" asked Bob.

Said the man, "A check."Hello, and welcome to the Mental Health Hotline. 

If you are obsessive-compulsive, press 1 repeatedly. 

If you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2 for you. 

If you have multiple personalities, press 3, 4, 5 and 6. 

If you are paranoid, we know who you are and what you want. Stay on the line so we can trace your call. 

If you are delusional, press 7 and your call will be transferred to the mother ship. 

If you are schizophrenic, listen carefully and a small voice will tell you which number to press. 

If you are a manic-depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press-no-one will answer. 

If you are dyslexic, press 9696969696969. 

If you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the hash key until a representative comes on the line. 

If you have amnesia press 8 and state your name, address, phone number, date of birth, social security number and your mother's maiden name. 

If you have post-traumatic stress disorder, slowly and carefully press 000. 

If you have bipolar disorder, please leave a message after the beep or before the beep. Or after the beep. Please wait for the beep. 

If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. 

If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. 

If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. 

If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. 

If you have low self-esteem, please hang up. All our operators are too busy to talk to you.An old woman went to visit her daughter and she found her naked, waiting for her husband. 

The mother asks the daughter, "What are you doing naked?" 

The daughter responds, "This is the dress of love." 

When the mother returns home, she strips naked and waits for her husband. 

When her husband arrives, he asks her, "What are you doing naked?" 

She responds, "This is the dress of love." 

"Well," he says to her, "go iron it."Two bosses were talking about how dumb their blond assistants are. The first boss says, "You think your assistant is dumb, watch this." And the man calls over the blond and says "Go to my house and see if I'm home." So the blond says "Yes sir! Right away sir!" and away she goes.

The second boss says "You call that dumb! Watch this!" So he calls over his blonde assistant and says "Here's a dime, go buy me a car." She replies "Yes sir! No problem!" and away the blond goes.

On their way to go do the tasks given to them, they meet up and start talking. 

The first blond says "My boss is so stupid! He told me to go to his house and see if he's home. I mean, why couldn't he just call and see if he's home! OH! The nerve!"

The second blond says "You think that's dumb? My boss gave me a dime to go buy him a car! Honestly! He didn't even tell me what kind or color he wanted!"A young man entered a bar, walked to the counter and told the barman,
"May I have a question, sir? I heard that a drink of beer will bring you the courage to do something terrible that you hate to do? Is that right, sir?"
"Yes, I guess so," the barman answered with a smile.
"How much beer then?"
"It depends. Why don't you try and find out?"
"OK, then give me a glass of beer please."
Sitting in the corner, the young man kept asking for more beer. After the fifth glass, the barman looked at the man with a wink, "Well, how do you feel? Am I right?"
"Uh yes, I feel the courage growing in me, but not enough," and then he ordered another drink.
Three more glasses and then the man stood up, saying to the barman with a very strong voice, "All right, thank you for the beer, sir. I'll stop here. I think I'll make it now!"
This time the barman could not overcome his curiosity. "Yes, I can tell that from your face," he said, "but may I ask what is that thing that you hate to do so much, man?"
The young man said, "Just telling somebody that I have no money in my pocket, sir" he answered wryly.Halfway along a commercial flight, a stewardess spoke out to the surprised passengers,

"Ladies and gentlemen! We have the honor to announce that you happen to be aboard the 10,001st flight of Good Grace Airlines! To celebrate this historic event, we are glad to give each of you a special valuable gift."

The passengers immediately broke into a cheerful applause, congratulating each other on the sudden luck they had. Then one man said aloud,

"This is really exciting! But why didn't you choose the 10,000th flight? I suppose it's a better number for a celebration."

"Certainly we did," replied the stewardess, "but unfortunately, because that flight crashed, we decided to shift the celebration."A kid was sitting on his lawn with a litter of puppies one morning. George Bush was on his morning run, accompanied by some Secret Service workers.  He kindly asked the boy what kind of puppies they were.  
The little boy said, "Republicans." 

The President beamed, patted the boy on the head, and said, "Atta boy!" 

A few weeks later Bush was jogging again, this time with Dick Cheney in tow. Bush stopped at the boy's house, winked at Dick and said, "Hi little boy, what kind of puppies are those?"

The boy said, "Democrats." 

Bush was shocked and crushed.  "What happened? A few weeks ago they were Republicans!" 

The boy answered, "Well, then the puppies opened their eyes."A helicopter was flying in Seattle when suddenly an electrical malfunction disabled all electronic navigation and communication equipment.

Due to the amount of fog, the pilot could not determine the helicopter's position. He spotted a tall building, flew toward it, circled, and held up a handwritten sign that said "WHERE AM I?" in large letters. People in the tall building quickly responded to the aircraft, drew a large sign, and held it in a building window. Their sign said "YOU ARE IN A HELICOPTER." 

The pilot thanked them by smiling and waving, determined the route to SEATAC airport and landed safely.  When they were finally on the ground, his co-pilot asked him how he'd done it. 

"I knew it had to be the Microsoft building, because they gave me a technically correct but utterly and completely useless answer."Fill in the blank to this odd analogy.

Quiz is to quizzical as test is to _______Yo momma's so fat, she shows up on radar.Ladies and gentlemen,

This five-letter-word little thing belongs to men, and no women. Some men have long ones, others shorter. It's straight in some men, and crooked in others. It may turn soft or hard in just a matter of seconds. Useless to some, it boasts manhood for others. Children wonder about it, young men are proud of it, while old men see their age in it. And whatever it is, some women love it, while others are afraid of it.

What is that darn thing anyway?



Scroll down for ANSWER
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
beard, of course! what else? ;-)Two Frenchmen came to New York for a vacation. The first thing they did leaving the hotel was to buy an American-French dictionary. Without a guide, they decided to learn English word by word in the simplest way they could think of -- continuously browsing through the dictionary, picking at random a certain word and look up its definition.

So they went into a coffee shop and started off right away. The first word they came upon happened to be "Ouch" which was defined as "an interjection used to express a mixed feeling of surprise, sudden pain and anger." It was then that they suddenly realized they did not have the slightest idea what those cryptic pronunciation symbols might sound like. Thinking hard, one of the Frenchmen finally came up with a bright idea:

"Well, don't worry, mon ami. I suppose the best way for us to learn how to pronounce that word is to get a native say it out loud!"

"But how? I'm afraid nobody in this busy town is going to help us," said the other guy.

"They will, even if they don't want to, mon ami," smiled the first man. "Do you see that jolie blonde walking out there? Yes, there! Go out and pinch her cute tits as hard you can! Listen carefully for the "ouch" she should be uttering; you can be sure that's the most authentic pronunciation we'll ever get!"

The other Frenchman nodded with a wink and went out for his awkward assignment. A moment later he came back looking completely dumbfounded. He told his friend in a doubtful voice,

"Bon Dieu, did I think English is easy, duh! I didn't expect this simple word alone could have such a hell of a long and messy pronunciation!"

"Come on, what did you hear then?"

"She pronounced the word something like 'dzou gah-daime mah-de-feuck-igne aiss-haule'. Isn't that amazing !!"1.Your richest relative buys an "expensive" house and you have to help take the wheels off of it.

2.You refer to the sixth grade as graduation.

3.Your wife's new hairdo gets destroyed by the ceiling fan.

4.Your front porch collapses and hurts more than three dogs.An old man was in bed with his wife when suddenly he let out a loud fart. He yelled, "7 points!" 
His wife looked at him and said, "What the hell are you doing?" 

He simply replied, "Just playing bed football." 

Ten minutes later the wife let a loud one and said, "Tie game - 7,7." 

The husband's competitive side kicked in and he started starting straining... when suddenly he crapped his pants! His wife looks over and said, "Now what's the score?" 

He said, "Still 7,7. End of quarter; switch sides!"From an interview with a millionaire:

"What is your secret to making money?"

"Quite simple. Before entering business I observed that most of the sales profits are generally lost in the handling of complaints and refunds. So I made my decision to try to eliminate these expenses."

"I can say that's quite a big task!"

"Not for me. I simply started selling parachutes.""May I have your name, please?"
"My name's Myne."
"What?"
"My name is Myne."
"Uh... I know your name is yours but..."
"Wait, who told you my name is Yores?"
"What? I think I said your name is yours..."
"You think you know my name better than me?"
"Oh, no, of course, that's why I said your name is yours..."
"Hey, listen, now I'm telling you, my name is not Yores..."
"Sure, that's just what I said!"
"OK, then forget it, now you got my name?"
"Sorry no, what's your name again please?"
"My name is Myne."
"Yes, yours, I know..."
"Not Yores, Myne. Myne, did you hear?"
"Yes, I do, I know that. But does that mean you won't tell your name?"
"What? And you said you heard it right! I already told you."
"Then why are you always saying your name is yours?"
"What the hell happens to you? Listen carefully, I'm telling you the last time, I promise. My name is not Yores, it's Myne."
"Come on, did I ever deny that? Your name oughta be yours, it can't be mine..."
"Hey, sorry, I'm afraid I'll have to find another hotel. Bye!"Q: What's the similarity between tyrannosaurus and blondes with an IQ greater then 200.

A: Both are extinct.Once a blond police officer stopped a man and asked for his driving license.
She saw it and told the man "it says here that you must wear glasses"
The man said "I have contacts"
The blond said "I don't care who you know, you are still getting a traffic ticket"George W Bush wanted a special postage stamp issued, with his picture on it. He instructed his Postmaster General, stressing that it should be of international quality.

When the stamps were released, Bush heard complaints that the stamps were not sticking properly, and he become furious.

He called the chief of the Secret Service and ordered him to investigate the matter.

The chief checked the matter out at several post offices, and then reported on the problem to Bush.

He said, "Sir, the stamp is really of international quality. The problem is, our citizens are spitting on the wrong side!"Two weeks ago was my forty-fifth birthday, and I wasn't feeling too hot that morning anyway. I went to breakfast knowing my wife would be pleasant and say,"Happy Birthday," and probably have a present for me. 
She didn't even say "Good Morning," let alone any, "Happy Birthday." I thought, "Well, that's wives for you. Maybe the children will remember." 

The children came in to breakfast and didn't say a word. 

When I started to the office, I was feeling pretty low and despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary, Janet, said, "Good morning boss, Happy Birthday," and I felt a little better; someone had remembered. 

I worked until noon, when Janet knocked on my door and said, "You know, it's such a beautiful day outside, and it's your birthday, let's go to lunch, just you and me."

I said, "By George, that's the best thing I've heard all day. Let's go." 

We went to lunch. We didn't go where we normally go; we went out into the country to a little private place. We had two martinis and enjoyed lunch tremendously. 

On the way back to the office, she said, "You know, it's such a beautiful day. We don't need to go back to the office, do we?" I said, "No, I guess not."

She said, "Let's go to my apartment." After arriving at her apartment she said, "Boss, if you don't mind, I think I'll go into the bedroom and slip into something more comfortable." 

"Sure," I excitedly replied. She went into the bedroom and, in about six minutes, she came out carrying a big birthday cake, followed by my wife, children and dozens of our friends. All were singing "Happy Birthday" and there on the couch I sat, naked.A young boy comes down to breakfast one morning. His mother asks, "Have you done your chores yet?" 
"No," replies the boy, "but could I have breakfast first?" 

"You know the rules, go outside and clean the chicken coop, milk the cow and feed the pigs." 

The boy goes down to the chicken coop and lazily cleans it. When he is finished  he kicks a chicken. Next, he walks to the barn and takes out the old milking cow. After milking her thoroughly, he kicks her. Then the boy gets the food and feeds the pigs. Once he is done he kicks a pig. 

Finally, the boy runs back to his house, very hungry. His mother gives him a plate with nothing on it but an apple. Disappointed, the boy says, "Where's my eggs, my milk and my sausage?" 

"Well," says his mother, "I saw you kick a chicken, so now you don't get eggs. I saw you kick the cow, so now you don't get milk. I saw you kick the pig, so now you don't get any sausage." 

Just then, the boy's father walks in and kicks the cat. The boy says to his mother, "Should I tell him now, or do you want to?"A new arrival in Hell was brought before the devil. 

The devil told his demon to put the man to work on a rock pile with a 20 pound sledge hammer in 95 degree heat with 95% humidity. 
At the end of the day, the devil went to see how the man was doing, only to find him smiling and singing as he pounded rocks. The man explained that the heat and hard labor were very similar to those on his beloved farm back in Pennsylvania. 

The devil told his demon to turn up the heat to 120 degrees, with 100% humidity. 

At the end of the next day, the devil again checked on the new man, and found him still happy to be sweating and straining. The man explained that it felt like the old days, when he had to clean out his silo in the middle of August on his beloved farm back in Pennsylvania. 

At that, the devil told his demon to lower the temperature to -20 degrees with a 40 mph wind. 

At the end of the next day, the devil was confident that he would find the man miserable. But, instead the man was singing louder than ever, twirling the sledge hammer like a baton.

When the devil asked him why he was so happy, the man answered, "Cold day in hell - the Eagles must have won the Super Bowl!"George W. Bush and Colin Powell are sitting in a bar. A guy walks in and asks the barman, "Isn`t that Bush and Powell sitting over there?"
The barman says, "Yep, that`s them."

So the guy walks over and says, "Wow, this is a real honor. What are you guys doing in here?"
Bush says, "We`re planning World War III".
And the guy says, "Really? What`s going to happen?"

Bush says, "Well, we`re going to kill 140 million Iraqis and one intelligent blonde."

The guy exclaimed, "Intelligent blonde! Why kill a blonde?"

Bush turns to Powell, punches him on the shoulder and says, "See, smart ass? I told you no one would worry about the 140 million Iraqis!"It was opening night at the theatre and people came from miles around to see the the very famous hypnotist do his stuff.

As the hypnotist took to the stage, he announced, "Unlike most stage hypnotists who invite two or three people up onto the stage to be put into a trance, I intend to hypnotize each and every member of the audience."

The people had heard of the famous magic of the hypnotist, so the excitement was almost electric as he withdrew a beautiful antique pocket watch from his coat. 

"I want you each to keep your eye on this antique watch. It's a very special watch. It's been in my family for six generations."

He began to swing the watch gently back and forth while quietly chanting, "Watch the watch, watch the watch, watch the watch...." The crowd became mesmerized as the watch swayed back and forth, light gleaming off its polished surface. 

Hundreds of pairs of eyes followed the swaying watch, until suddenly it slipped from the hypnotist's fingers and fell to the floor, breaking into a hundred pieces.

"Shit" said the hypnotist.

It took three weeks to clean up the theater.1. I can't reach my license unless you hold my beer. 
2. Sorry, I didn't realize that my radar detector wasn't on. 
3. Aren't you the guy from the village people? 
4. Hey you must have been going 125mph just to keep up with me. 
5. I thought you had to be in good physical condition to be a cop. 
6. Bad cop! No donut! 
7. You're gonna check the trunk, aren't you? 
8. I was going to be a cop, really, but I decided to finish high school. 
9. I pay your salary. 
10. That's terrific, the last guy only gave me a warning also. 
11. Is that a 9 mm? It's nothing compared to this 44 magnum! 
12. What do you mean, have I been drinking? You're a trained specialist. 
13. Do you know why you pulled me over? Good, at least one of us does. 
14. By the looks of that gut, I bet I can outrun you. 
15. Didn't I see you get your butt kicked on Cops? 
16. Is it true people become cops because they are too dumb to work at McDonalds? 
17. I was trying to keep up with traffic. Yes, I know there are no other cars around; that's how far they are ahead of me. 
18. Well, when I reached down to pick up my bag of crack, my gun fell off my lap and got lodged between the brake pedal and gas pedal, forcing me to speed out of control.A new business was opening and one of the owner's friends wanted to send flowers for the occasion.

They arrived at the new business site and the owner read the card; it said "Rest in Peace".

When the friend found out, she became angry and called the florist to complain. After she had told the florist of the obvious mistake and how angry she was, the florist said.

"Madam, I'm really sorry for the mistake, but rather than getting angry you should imagine this: somewhere there is a funeral taking place today, and they have flowers with a note saying,
"Congratulations on your new location".Did you know that nobody can lick their elbow?                                                                 


*75% of the people that read this try it*At a southern university, students in the psychology program were attending their first class on emotional extremes. 
"Just to establish some parameters," said the professor to the student from Arkansas, "what is the opposite of joy?" 

"Sadness," said the student. 

"And the opposite of depression?" he asked of the young lady from Oklahoma. 

"Elation," she said. 

"And you sir," he said to the young man from Texas, "what about the opposite of woe?" 

The Texan replied, "Sir, I believe that would be'giddy up' ".Three little boys were sitting around talking about their fathers. The first boy said, "My dad can blow smoke rings." 
The second boy said, "My dad can blow smoke rings out of his nose." 

The third boy said, "Well, my dad can blow smoke rings out of his butt." 

The first and second boys where amazed. The second boy said, "Have you seen him do it?" 

"No," said the third boy, "but I've seen the tobacco stains on his underwear."Steve was in a terrible accident at work; however, the only permanent damage done to him was that both of his ears were amputated. Because he was permanently disfigured, he settled with the company for a rather large sum of money and went on his way.

One day, Steve decided to invest his money in a small, but growing computer business, and, after weeks of negotiations, he bought the company outright. But after signing on the dotted line, he realized that he knew nothing about running such a business and quickly set out to hire someone who could do that for him. The next day he had set up three interviews.

The first guy was great. He knew everything he needed to and was very interesting, but at the end of the interview, Steve asked him, "Do you notice anything different about me?" The gentleman answered, "Why, yes, I couldn't help but notice you have no ears." Steve got very angry and threw him out.

The second interview was with a woman, and she was even better than the first guy. He asked her the same question, "Do you notice anything different about me?" She replied, "Well... you have no ears." Steve again was upset and tossed her out. 

The third and last interview was the best of all three. It was with a very young man who was fresh out of college. He was smart, he was handsome, and he seemed to be a better businessman than the first two put together. Steve was anxious, but went ahead and asked the young man the same question, "Do you notice anything different about me?" To his surprise, the young man answered, "Yes. You wear contact lenses." Steve was shocked, and said, "What an incredibly observant young man you are. How in the world did you know that?"

The young man replied, "Well, it's pretty hard to wear glasses with no ears!"A guy eats at a restaurant.
At the end of the meal, the guy looks at the check:
Salads . . . . . . $3
Steak . . . . . . $10
Works . . . . . . .$5
Cola . . . . . . . $2
-----------------------
Total             $20
The customer asked the waiter "What's 'works'?"
"This time it didn't work" said the waiter and crossed out that row.Little Johnny kept spelling the word "went" wrong, instead he spelt "whent". His teacher, who was very fusterated, decided to keep him after class to spell "went" 100 times. 
The next day she comes into the classroom, thinking he learned his lesson, and sees the whole board is full of the word "went".
  
But at the end... 
 "I wrote "went" 50 times, then I ran out of space, so I whent home"10 sentences teachers say (and their true meanings)

1. This book is very commonly used
(I also studied from it 40 years ago)

2. It's important to understand what the material means in general
(I'm not good with details)

3. Some might say...
(My guess is...)

4. The answer to that question is not in the syllabus
(I don't know the answer to your question)

5. We'll discuss that question next week
(I don't know the answer to your question)

6. I'll let you search in the dictionary and find out
(I don't know how to spell that word)

7. Some of you could have succeeded more in the test
(You all failed)

8. Are there any questions about the material we learned last lesson?
(Did any of you review the material as I asked?)

9. Today we'll split up into small studying groups
(I don't feel like teaching today so keep yourselves busy)

10. The homework is due on Monday
(Ruining your weekend is the only fun I have left in teaching)A teacher, a thief and a lawyer all die in the same freak accident. So when they reach the pearly gates, St. Peter tells them that, unfortunately, heaven is overcrowded, so they each have to answer a question correctly for admission. 
The teacher is first, and St. Peter asks, "Name the famous ship that was sunk by an iceberg?" 

"Phew, that one's easy," says the teacher, "The Titanic." 

"Alright," said St.Peter, "you may pass." 

Then the thief got his question: "How many died on the Titanic?" 

The thief replied, "That's a toughy, but fortunately I just saw the movie. The answer is 1500 people." And so he passed through. 

Last, St. Peter gave the lawyer his question: "Name themA blond and a brunette were opening their paychecks when the blond asked the brunette what she was going to buy. 
The brunette replied, "I think I'll buy a new set of plates because mine are chipped. What are you going to buy?" 

The blond said, "I think I'm gonna buy a new butt, because my old one has an enormous crack in it."There was this woman who had a blonde daughter. One day, she got her ball stuck in the tree.
"Mom, my ball's stuck in the tree. Can I go get it?" she asked.
"No, the perverted boy will look up your skirt and see your underwear. Wait till daddy gets home."
The little girl furiously stomped away.
About an hour later, before her husband came home, the woman saw her daughter playing with her ball. 
"How did you get your ball?"
"Well, you said that you didn't want the boy to see my underwear, so I took it off."Fred and his brother, "Donkey" walk into a pub and Fred gets the first pint in and says, "I'll have a pint for me and a pint for Donkey." 
The two guys drink their pints and Fred says, "Right donkey your round; I'll have a pint of Guiness." 

Donkey walks up to the bar and says, "2 p p p p pints of g g g g Guiness p p p please." 

While donkey gets the pints, Fred goes to the toilet and the barman says, "Say, you shouldn't let him call you that stupid nickname." 

Donkey replies, "I know. He aw.. he aww... he awwwwww, he always calls me 'Donkey.'"A Chinese couple got married and were now known as Mr. Wong and Mrs. Wong. However, they didn't know why, but they couldn't have white children. So they went to the doctor to find out what the problem was, and they told him the story and the doctor replied, "Didn't you know?" "Two Wongs don't make a white!"Cinderella, Superman and Pinocchio die and go to heaven. On their way they talk:

Cinderella: "I want to be remembered as the most beautiful girl in the world."

Superman: "I want to be remembered as the strongest person in the world."

Pinocchio: "I want to be remembered as the greatest liar in the world."

It's Cinderella's turn. She goes into the room and comes out smiling, saying, "It's done. I'm the most beautiful girl in the world!"

Then goes Superman. He goes into the room and comes out happy, saying, "It's done. I'm the strongest person in the world!"

Last comes out Pinocchio, angrily he says: "Damn! who's this Clinton guy?!?!"How many scientists does it take to screw in a lightbulb???
None, they will just have there robot do it.One day Bob (a boy) went to Sally (a beautiful girl). Bob told her, "Sal, Jack (a boy) wants you."
She replied, "I know."
They stand in silence for a while.
Bob finally said, "I mean he needs your help."
"Oh."Girls are in the shower for at least an hour.
Incredibly guys can take a shower in 5 minutes.

Very beautiful girls are seldom intelligent.
Even blond guys have some brains.

Married women marry hoping their guy will change.
Every man marries hoping their wife wont change.

Pretty girls can usually get what they want.
Unlike good looking guys who still have to suffer.

Some girls are actually great relationship material.
Some guys cant find those girls.Two guys are talking over a beer, discussing various sex positions.

The first guy says, "My favorite position is the 'rodeo' position."

"What is the 'rodeo' position, and how do you do that?" asks the second man.

The first guy explains, "Well, first you tell your wife to get on the bed on all fours, and then you do it doggy- style. Once things start to get underway, and she's really into it, you lean forward and whisper in her ear, 'Your sister likes this position too...' Then, try to hang on for 8 seconds."Remember, whenever someone says that you're nobody, remember nobody's perfect.FINE

This is the word women use to end an argument when they feel they are right and you need to shut up. Never use "fine" to describe how a woman looks - this will cause you to have one of those arguments.

FIVE MINUTES

This is half an hour. It is equivalent to the five minutes that your football game is going to last before you take out the trash, so it's an even trade.

NOTHING

This means "something," and you should be on your toes. "Nothing" is usually used to describe the feeling a woman has of wanting to turn you inside out, upside down, and backwards. "Nothing" usually signifies an argument that will last "Five Minutes" and end with "Fine"

GO AHEAD (With Raised Eyebrows!)

This is a dare. One that will result in a woman getting upset over "Nothing" and will end with the word "Fine"

GO AHEAD (Normal Eyebrows)

This means "I give up" or "do what you want because I don't care" You will get a "Raised Eyebrow Go Ahead" in just a few minutes, followed by "Nothing" and "Fine" and she will talk to you in about "Five Minutes" when she cools off.

LOUD SIGH

This is not actually a word, but is a non-verbal statement often misunderstood by men. A "Loud Sigh" means she thinks you are an idiot at that moment, and wonders why she is wasting her time standing here and arguing with you over "Nothing"

SOFT SIGH

Again, not a word, but a non-verbal statement. "Soft Sighs" mean that she is content. Your best bet is to not move or breathe, and she will stay content.

THAT'S OKAY

This is one of the most dangerous statements that a woman can make to a man. "That's Okay" means that she wants to think long and hard before paying you back for whatever it is that you have done. 
"That's Okay" is often used with the word "Fine" and in conjunction with a "Raised Eyebrow."

GO AHEAD!

At some point in the near future, you are going to be in some mighty big trouble.

PLEASE DO

This is not a statement, it is an offer. A woman is giving you the chance to come up with whatever excuse or reason you have for doing whatever it is that you have done. You have a fair chance with the truth, so be careful and you shouldn't get a "That's Okay".

THANKS

A woman is thanking you. Do not faint. Just say you're welcome.

THANKS A LOT

This is much different from "Thanks." A woman will say, "Thanks A Lot" when she is really ticked off at you. It signifies that you have offended her in some callous way, and will be followed by the "Loud Sigh." Be careful not to ask what is wrong after the "Loud Sigh," as she will only tell you "Nothing".

Send this to the men you know to warn them about future arguments they can avoid if they remember the terminology!What haunts the closets of a haunted house?
The SOULS of shoes!

What's a ghosts favourite dessert?
I-scream!

What was the ghosts favorite baseball team?
The BOO Jays! 

What room is a ghost not allowed to go inside?
The Living room 

Why didn't the vampire have fun on his vacation?
He SUCKED all the fun out of it!

If a snow man and a vampire got married and they had a baby what would the baby be?
A Snowvam!

Where do monsters love to visit in New York?
The Vampire State Building. 

Why did the vampire's friend break up with him?
Because he was a pain in the neck! 

Why do witches use brooms to fly on? 
Because vacuum cleaners are too heavy!

What kind of street do zombies like best? 
Dead ends! 

What is a vampire's favourite mode of transportation?
A blood vessel!What did the mother match say to the baby match?

Don't scratch your head.What do you say to a person who says that they are going to tell on you?

You say: Too late, I already told.One day a cat comes walking by meowing, "I can't do anything right." So he keeps on pouting and somebody comes up to him and says, "Why are you crying?" "Because I can't do anything right." So the guy helps the cat and a day later the cat could do anything right so he goes to the litter box and misses the box by an inch.Why did the teenager cross the road?



Because his parents told him not to.Dear Sir,

I am writing in response to your request for additional information in Block 3 of the accident report form. I put "poor planning" as the cause of my accident. You asked for a fuller explanation and I trust the following details will be sufficient.

I am a bricklayer by trade. On the day of the accident, I was working alone on the roof of a new six-story building. When I completed my work, I found that I had some bricks left over which, when weighed later were found to be slightly in excess of 500lbs. Rather than carry the bricks down by hand, I decided to lower them in a barrel by using a pulley, which was attached to the side of the building on the sixth floor.

Securing the rope to the ground I went up to the roof, swung the barrel out and loaded the bricks into it. Then I went down and untied the rope, holding it tightly to ensure a slow descent of the bricks.

You will note in Block 11 of the accident report form that I weigh 135 lbs.

Due to my surprise at being jerked off the ground so suddenly, I lost my presence of mind and forgot to let go of the rope. Needless to say, I proceeded at a rapid rate up the side of the building.

In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel, which was now proceeding downward at an equally impressive speed. This explained the fractured skull, minor abrasions and the broken collar bone, as listed in Section 3 of the accident report form. I slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley. Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of beginning to experience pain.

At approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground and the bottom fell out of the barrel. Now devoid of the weight of the bricks, that barrel weighed approximately 50 lbs. I refer you again to my weight. As you can imagine, I began a rapid descent, down the side of the building.

In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel coming up. This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and several lacerations of my legs and lower body. Here my luck began to change slightly. The encounter with the barrel seemed to slow me enough to lessen my injuries when I fell into the pile of bricks and fortunately only three vertebrae were cracked. I am sorry to report, however, as I lay there on the pile of bricks, in pain, unable to move, I again lost my composure and presence of mind and let go of the rope and I lay there watching the empty barrel begin its journey back down onto me. This explains the two broken legs. I hope this answers your inquiry.Q: What is a man's idea of helping you with the housework?
A: Lifting up his legs so you can vacuum underneath them.Little johnny was going to school.
Incredibly he found a genie and was given 3 wishes.
"Can I have a piece of candy?" he said.
"Kid, I am a powerful genie ask for something else."

"Mmmm, ok, give me 2 pieces of candy."
"You think I have time for such small wishes?  Don't ask for something so small."

"I want candy." 

"Ok kid here you go; infinite candy."
"Cool, thank you." 

"Ok whats your second wish?  Kid, i don't have all day." 
"But I still have 3 wishes.."A man walks into a pet store and asks for a German shepperd. The shopkeeper, replies that it will cost him $500. The man thinks for a minute, then asks how much a beware of dog sign costs. The shopkeeper calmly replies that it costs a whopping $1.98. The man thinks for a while longer, and asks for a beware of dog sign.What does the government have but never uses to make life simple?

Their power!A man was at a bar about to drink his drink. Then, a tough looking biker came and just drank the first man's drink. The first man said "Why did you do that?  I have been having a horrible day.  First, I wake up, am late for work, and get fired.  Then, I come home to find my wife cheating, I get kicked out of the house, and I get beat up by a bunch of thugs.  Finally, I was about to end it all by drinking that cup of poison that you drank!"Name:_________

1. Finish this pattern: a,_,c,d,e,f (hint, B)

2. If you are standing, what are you doing? (hint, standing)

3. Finish the sentence: I am a blond______

4. Explain Einstein's theory, or spell cat

5. Are you writing with a pen/pencil or a tissue? (hint pen/pencil)

6. Spell the word chickenYo momma so fat that every time she turned around it was her birthday.1. It is the new hip thing to rot your teeth.

2. They are highly non-nutritous.

3. In case of weak teeth, just bite into the hard candy.

4. For absolutely no good reason.

5. Makes you sick so that you do not have to go to school.

6. To get hyperactive so that you are not sleepy when you get out of bed.

7. Because the candy is saying, "Eat me!!!"

8. Because your tummy is growling and you think it is annoying.

9. In case you got an urge to suck on something.

10. Because the noises that the candy makes when it bangs against your teeth makes a relaxing sound for the mind.A man is driving down the road when he spots 2 priests on the side nailing signs into the ground. 

The first sign says, "The End is Near!!" The man turns to look at the other mans sign and it reads, "Turn back while you still can!" 

The man then sticks his head out his car window and yells, "Leave everyone alone, you religious nutcases!" as he drives by. A few seconds later the two priests hear a splash. 

The first priest turns to the second and says, "Maybe we should just put up a 'Bridge Out' sign."You are so ugly your mum has to feed you with a slingshotWhich came first - the chicken or the egg?



It depends on who got laid first!The day after losing his wife in a diving accident, a man answered his door to find two grim-faced Alaska State Troopers.

"We're sorry to call on you at this hour, Mr. Wilkens, but we have some information about your wife."

"Tell me! Did you find her?" the man cried.

The troopers looked at each other. One said, "We have some bad news, some good news, and some really great news. Which do you want to hear first?"

Fearing the worse, an ashen Mr. Wilkens said, "Give me the bad news first."

The trooper said, "I'm sorry to tell you, sir, but this morning we found your wife's body in Kachemak Bay."

"Oh no!" said Mr. Wilkens, overcome by emotion. Swallowing hard, he asked, "What's the good news?"

The trooper continued. "When we pulled her up she had two five-pound King crabs and a half-dozen good size Dungeness crabs on her."

Stunned, Mr.Wilkens demanded, "If that's the good news, then what's the great news?"

The trooper said, "We're going to pull her up again tomorrow."Eight year old Sally brought her report card home from school. Her marks were good, mostly A's and a couple of B's. However, her teacher had written across the bottom:

"Sally is a smart little girl, but she has one fault.
She talks too much in school. I have an idea I am going to try, which I think may break her of the habit."

Sally's dad signed her report card, putting a note on the back: "Please let me know if your idea works on Sally because I would like to try it out on her mother."An elevator operator complained that he was getting tired of people asking him for the time.

A friend suggested that he hang a clock in his elevator.

A few weeks later, the friend inquired as to how things were going.

"Just awful!" declared the elevator operator.

"NOW, all day long, people ask me, "Is the clock right?" exclaimed the elevator operator.On Halloween, a taxi-driver saw a nun standing at the side of the road. He pulled over, and asked if he could help her. The nun said she needed to get to the mission. The taxi-driver said "I'll give you a ride for free tonight, because you don't know what kind of crazy people are running around." The nun agreed, thanked him, and they drove off. When they were about half-way there, the taxi-driver said to the nun "You know sister, I've always had this fanasy about being kissed by a nun." The nun said "Well, you've been so kind to me, I could do that, but only on three conditions. You have to be Catholic, single, and it can't be in public." The taxi-driver thought about this for a minute, then asked if an alley would work. The nun said that would be fine, so he pulled into the nearest alley. The nun crawled into the front seat and gave him a long, passionate kiss. After this, the taxi-driver smiled and drove on. A few minutes later, his smile turned to a frown, and he said " I have a confession sister. I'm really Jewish and I'm married." The nun looked at him and said "That's okay. I'm Kevin, and I'm on my way to a costume party."A man decided he wanted a divorce from his wife of 30 years. After the divorce, they went their separate ways and never saw each other again. A number of years later, the woman died. When she was standing at St. Peter's Gate, he asked her "How was your life?" She replied "It was horrible. My husband of 30 years wanted a divorce, and he took everything. I was really depressed, and I died alone in a car crash." St. Peter responded, "To get into heaven, you have to spell one word." "Okay, what's the word?" "Love" The woman smiled and said "L-O-V-E" "Very good. Welcome to heaven!" A few months later, St. Peter approached the woman, and asked her if she could watch the gate for a few hours. The woman responded "Sure, No problem." While she was watching the gate, she saw her ex-husband approaching. The woman asked him "How has your life gone?" The man smiled and responded, "Well, after our divorce, I was successful in the stock market, become a millionaire, then retired early. I married a 21 year old underwear model. We had the best life, and I died in my sleep on our private beach in Hawaii." The woman smiled faintly, and said "that's nice." The man said "What do I have to do to get into heaven?" "Well, you have to spell one word." "Okay, what's the word?" The woman grinned, and said "Czechoslovakia"You're getting old when...
your sweetie says, "Let's go upstairs and make love," and you answer, "Honey, I can't do both!"

your friends compliment you on your new alligator shoes and you're barefoot.

a sexy babe catches your fancy and your pacemaker opens the garage door.

you don't care where your spouse goes, just as long as you don't have to go along.

you are cautioned to slow down by the doctor, instead of the police.

"Getting a little action" means, "I don't need to take any fiber today."

"getting lucky" means you find your car in the parking lot.

an "all nighter" means not getting up to pee!When the store manager returned from lunch, he noticed his clerk's hand was bandaged, but before he could ask about the bandage, the clerk had some very good news for him. 

"Guess what, sir?" the clerk said.  "I finally sold that terrible, ugly suit we've had so long!" 

"Do you mean that repulsive pink-and-blue double-breasted thing?!" the manager asked. 

"That's the one!" 

"That's great!" the manager cried, "I thought we'd never get rid of that monstrosity! That had to be the ugliest suit we've ever had! But tell me, why is your hand bandaged?" 

"Oh," the clerk replied, "after I sold the guy that suit, his seeing-eye dog bit me."Albert Einstein arrives at a party and introduces himself to the first person he sees and asks, "What is your IQ?" to which the man answers "241." 

"That is wonderful!," says Albert. "We will talk about the Grand Unification Theory and the mysteries of the Universe. We will have much to discuss!"

Next Albert introduces himself to a woman and asks, "What is your IQ?" To which the lady answers, "144." 

"That is great!," responds Albert. "We can discuss politics and current affairs. We will have much to discuss!"

Albert goes to another person and asks, "What is your IQ?" to which the man answers, "51." 

Albert responds, "How 'bout them Cowboys?"There was a young hooker named Gail
whose price was tattooed on her tail.
And on her behind,
for the sake of the blind,
was the same information in Braille.One night, a torrential rain soaked South Louisiana; the next morning the resulting floodwaters came up about 6 feet into most of the homes.

Mrs. Boudreaux was sitting on her roof with her neighbor, Mrs. Wilson, waiting for help to come.

Mrs. Wilson noticed a lone baseball cap floating near the house. Then she saw it float far out into the front yard, then float all the way back to the house; it kept floating away from the house, then back in again, over and over.

Her curiosity got the best of her, so she asked Mrs. Boudreaux, "Do you see that baseball cap floating away from the house, then back again?"

Mrs. Boudreaux said, "Oh yes, that's my husband; I told him he was going to cut the grass today come Hell or high water!"How many ears did Davy Crockett have?

3 - His right ear, his left ear, and his wild front-ear.Bill Clinton and Al Gore went into a local diner for lunch.  As they read the menu, the waitress came over and asked Clinton, "Are you ready to order, sir?" 

Clinton replies, "Yes, I'd like a quickie." 

"A quickie?!" the waitress replies with disgust.  "Sir, given the current situation of your personal life, I don't believe that's a good idea.  I'll come back later when you are ready to make an order from the MENU."  She walks away. 

Al Gore leans over to Clinton and says, "Sir, it's pronounced 'Quiche'"THINGY: 
female: Any part under a car's hood. 
male: The strap fastener on a woman's bra 

VULNERABLE: 
female: Fully opening up one's self emotionally to another. 
male: Playing football without a helmet. 

COMMUNICATION: 
female: The sharing of thoughts and feelings with one's partner.  
male: Leaving a note before suddenly taking off for the weekend with the boys. 

BUTT: 
female: The body part that "looks bigger" no matter what is worn.  
male: What you slap when someone scores a touchdown, home run, or goal.  Also good for mooning. 

COMMITMENT: 
female: A desire to get married and raise a family. 
male: Trying not to pick up other women while out with the girlfriend. 

ENTERTAINMENT: 
female: A good movie, concert, play or book. 
male: Anything that can be done while drinking. 

FLATULENCE: 
female: An embarrassing by-product of digestion. 
male: An endless source of entertainment, self-expression and essential element of male bonding.You've all heard of TGIF - Thank God It's Friday, right?

Well my Secretary refers to Friday as POETS day...

Piss Off Early, Tomorrow's Saturday....!!!Bud Nelson, from New York, flew to Knock Airport in the west of Ireland on business. As he walked down the stairs from the plane onto the runway he noticed a small Irishman standing beside a long table with an assortment of Human Skulls. 

"What are you doing?" asked the American. 

"Oh, I'm selling skulls", replied the Irishman. 

"And what skulls do you have?" said Bud. 

"Well, I have the skulls of the most famous Irishmen that ever lived!!" said the Irishman. 

"That's great!" said Bud. "Give me some names!" 

"Well!" said the Irishman, pointing to various skulls. "That one there is James Joyce, the famous author and playwright, that one there is St. Brendan, the Navigator, that's Michael Collins the leader of the 1916 rising, and that one there is St. Patrick, the Patron Saint of Ireland...God bless his soul.." 

"Sorry" said Bud, "But did you say St. Patrick?" 

"That's correct!" said the Irishman. 

"I have to have that!" said Bud and paid him $1,650.00 in cash.
 
Bud flew back to New York and mounted St. Patricks skull on the wall in his pub. People came from all over America to view this famous skull. He made a fortune over a five year period and retired a very rich man. During his retirement, he decided to go back to visit Ireland, the land that made him a fortune. 

Bud flew back into Knock airport, and while walking down the stairs saw the same Irishman at the bottom of the stairs. 

"Goodness", said Bud, "What are you doing?" 

"Oh, I'm selling skulls", replied the Irishman. 

"And what skulls do you have today?" said Bud. 

"Well, I have the skulls of the most famous Irishmen that ever lived!!" said the Irishman. 

"That's great!" said Bud. "Give me some names!" 

"Well!" said the Irishman, pointing to various skulls. "That one there
is James Joyce, the famous author and playwright, that one there is St. Brendan, the Navigator, that's Michael Collins the leader of the 1916 rising, and that one there is St. Patrick, the Patron Saint of
Ireland...God bless his soul.." 

"Sorry" said Bud, "But did you say St. Patrick?" 

"That's Correct!" said the Irishman. 

"Well!", said Bud, I was here almost 7 years ago and you sold me a skull a little bit bigger than that one there, and you told me then that the skull was St. Patrick." 

"Oh yes!" said the Irishman, "I remember you now!...you see... This is St. Patrick when he was a Boy!!"Gary: I don't think I deserve a zero on this test. 
Teacher: I agree, but it's the lowest mark I can give you.Hygiene Teacher: How can you prevent diseases caused by biting insects? 

Jose: Don't bite any.Here is a short story to show you that the stodgy air traffic controllers and the flyers they serve can have a sense of humor:

The controller who was working a busy pattern told the 727 on downwind to make a three-sixty (to do a complete circle, usually to provide spacing between aircraft).  

The pilot of the 727 complained, "Do you know it costs us two thousand dollars to make a three-sixty in this airplane?

Without missing a beat the controller replied, "Roger, give me four thousand dollars worth!"First guy (proudly): "My wife's an angel!"

Second guy: "You're lucky, mine's still alive."Teacher: Alfred, how can one person make so many mistakes in one day? 

Alfred: I get up early.Bill & Hillary Clinton were sleeping at the White House. Hillary wakes up and starts shaking Bill to wake him up. "Bill, Bill wake up." 

Bill continues sleeping. Hillary shouts, "Bill, Bill wake up." 

Bill finally wakes up and says, "What do you want?" Hillary responds, "I have to go use the bathroom." 

Bill says, "Please tell me you didn't wake me up just to tell me you have to go to the bathroom." 

Hillary says, "No, I just wanted to tell you to save my spot."Soup manufacturers announced today that they will be stocking America's shelves this week with "Clinton Soup," that will honor one of the nation's most distinguished men. It consists primarily of a small weenie in hot water.

Chrysler Corporation is adding a new car to its line to honor Bill Clinton. The Dodge Drafter will begin production in Canada this year.

When Clinton was asked what he thought about foreign affairs, he replied: "I don't know, I never had one."

American Indians have nicknamed Bill Clinton as "Walking Eagle" because he is so full of crap he can't fly.

Clinton only lacks three things to become one of America's finest leaders: Integrity, vision, and wisdom.

Clinton is doing the work of three men: Larry, Curly, and Moe.

Revised judicial oath: "I solemnly swear to tell the truth as I know it, the whole truth as I believe it to be, and nothing but what I think you need to know."Do you know the punishment for bigamy? 

Two mothers-in-law.A guy was walking along the beach in Malibu when he came across this salt-encrusted piece of metal. He worked for an hour or so to remove the salt. Lo and behold, it was a very old oil lamp. The guy started to buff it to remove the verdigris when "poof" a genie appeared.

This genie, like all genies, was so happy to be freed of the lamp that he granted the guy three wishes.

"I wish to be a dollar richer than Bill Gates," says the guy.

The genie wasn't sure who Bill Gates was until the guy told him to check Forbes magazine. When the genie called up Forbes from inside the lamp, he learned that Bill Gates was indeed, the richest man in the world.

"Guy," the genie said, "You will forever be a dollar richer than Bill Gates. What's your second wish?"
 
"Genie, I want the most expensive Porsche made: Fire engine red, on board GPS and the finest audio system ever installed in an automobile."

"That's easy, Guy," says the genie. He waves his hand and best car anybody had ever seen pops out of the lamp. The genie then asks the guy for his third wish.

The guy mulls the problem over and over. A girl--nah, with billions and billions of dollars he certainly had become a girl magnet. World peace? Only wackos want that. The guy could not find anything that warranted using his third and last wish.
 
"Genie," the guy said, "I can't think of anything now.  May I save the third wish for later?"

"Gee, this is most unusual. But you hold the hammer, and I can't escape from this lamp until you make a third wish. Call me when you're ready," and whoosh the genie disappears into the lamp.
 
The guy carefully picks up the now-ever-so-valuable lamp and places it in the trunk of the fire engine red Porsche. He turns on the radio to balance the sounds and makes all the other adjustments needed to get his great audio system customized to his ears.
 
After that, he pulls off the beach and heads south along the Pacific Coast Highway. Soon he's up to 60, then 70, then 80. The Porsche handled perfectly. The guy is so happy that he begins to sing along with the familiar commercial on the radio.
 
"Oh, I wish I was an Oscar-Mayer Wiener..."An elderly woman decided to have her portrait painted. She said to the artist, "Paint me with diamond earrings, a diamond necklace, emerald bracelets, a ruby brooch and Rolex watch."
 
"But you aren't wearing any of those things," said the artist.
 
"I know," she said. "It's in case I should die before my husband. I'm sure he will remarry right away, and I want his new wife to go crazy looking for the jewelry."1. AQUADEXTROUS (ak wa deks'trus) adj. Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub tap on and off with your toes.

2. CARPERPETUATION (kar'pur pet u a shun) n. The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string or a piece of lint at least a dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then  putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.

3. DISCONFECT (dis kon fekt') v. To sterilize the piece of confection (lolly) you dropped on the floor by blowing on it, assuming this will somehow 'remove' all the germs.

4. ELBONICS (el bon'iks) n. The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie theater.

5. FRUST (frust) n. The small line of debris that refuses to be swept onto the dust pan and keeps backing a person across the room until he finally decides to give up and sweep it under the rug.

6. LACTOMANGULATION (lak' to man gyu lay' shun) n. Manhandling the "open here" spout on a milk container so badly that one has to resort to the 'illegal' side.

7. PEPPIER (peph ee ay') n. The waiter at a fancy restaurant whose sole purpose seems to be walking around asking diners if they want fresh ground pepper.

8. PHONESIA (fo nee' zhuh) n. The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.

9. PUPKUS (pup'kus) n. The moist residue left on a window after a dog presses its nose to it.

10. TELECRASTINATION (tel e kras tin ay' shun) n. The act of always letting the phone ring at least twice before you pick it up, even when you're only six inches away.Two elderly ladies had been friends for many decades. Over the years they had shared all kinds of activities and adventures. Lately, their activities had been limited to meeting a few times a week to play cards.
 
One day they were playing cards when one looked at the other and said, "Now don't get mad at me.....I know we've been friends for a long time, but I just can't think of your name! I've thought and thought, but I can't remember it. Please tell me what your name is." Her friend glared at her. For at least three minutes she just stared and glared at her.
 
Finally she said, "How soon do you need to know?"Two elderly women were eating at a restaurant one morning. Ethel noticed something funny about Mabel's ear and she said, "Mabel, did you know you've got a suppository in your left ear?"
 
Mabel answered, "I have? A suppository?" She pulled it out and stared at it. Then she said, "Ethel, I'm glad you saw this thing. Now I think I know where my hearing aid is."While making rounds, a doctor points out an X-ray to a group of first year medical students.

"As you can see," she says, "the patient limps because his left fibula and tibia are radically arched.  Michael, what would you do in a case like this?"

"Well," ponders the student, "I suppose I'd limp too."Teacher: Willy, name one important thing we have today that we didn't have ten years ago. 

Willy: MeThat's right, in just six trimesters, you, too, can be a real man - as well as earn an MA degree (Male Arts).

Please take a moment to look over the program outline.

FIRST YEAR

Autumn Schedule:
MEN 101     Combating Stupidity
MEN 102     You, Too, Can Do Housework
MEN 103     PMS - Learn When to Keep Your Mouth Shut
MEN 104     We Do Not Want Sleazy Underthings for Christmas

Winter Schedule:
MEN 110     Wonderful Laundry Techniques
MEN 111     Understanding the Female Response to Getting in at 4 a.m.
MEN 112     Parenting: It Doesn't End with Conception
EAT 100     Get a Life, Learn to Cook
EAT 101     Get a Life, Learn to Cook II
ECON 001A   What's Hers is Hers

Spring Schedule:
MEN 120      How NOT to Act Like a Buttface When You're Wrong
MEN 121      Understanding Your Incompetence
MEN 122      YOU: the Weaker Sex
ECON 001B    What Was Yours is Hers

SECOND YEAR

Autumn Schedule:
SEX 101      You CAN Fall Asleep without It
SEX 102      Morning Dilemma: If It's Awake, Take a Shower
SEX 103      How to Stay Awake After Sex
MEN 201      How to Put the Toilet Seat Down
Elective        (See Electives Below)

Winter Schedule:
MEN 210      The Remote Control: Overcoming Your Dependency
MEN 211      How to Not Act Younger than Your Children
MEN 212      You, Too, Can Be a Designated Driver
MEN 213      Honest, You Don't Look Like Tom Cruise or Blair Underwood
MEN 230A     Her Birthdays and Anniversaries Are Important - 101

Spring Schedule:
MEN 220      Omitting %&*! from Your Vocabulary (Pass/Fail Only)
MEN 221      Fluffing the Blanket After Farting Is Not NECESSARY
MEN 222      Real Men Ask for Directions
MEN 223      Thirty Minutes of Begging is NOT Considered Foreplay
MEN 230B     Her Birthdays and Anniversaries Are Important - 201

Course Electives:
EAT 101       Cooking with Tofu
EAT 102       Utilization of Eating Utensils
EAT 103       Burping and Belching Discreetly
MEN 231       Mothers-in-law
MEN 232       Appear to Be Listening
MEN 233       Just Say, "Yes, Dear"
ECON 001C   Cheaper to Keep HerLittle Johnny's kindergarten class was on a field trip to their local police station where they saw pictures, tacked to a bulletin board, of the 10 most wanted men.

One of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wanted person.

"Yes," said the policeman. "The detectives want him very badly."

So Little Johnny asked, "Then why didn't you keep him when you took his picture?"A blonde girl was at school staring at a puzzle on her desk that she could not figure out. The teacher comes by and tells her, "You can solve it! Just use your head!" The teacher comes back to check on the blonde and she saw her head all bruised up. The teacher said, "What happened?!" Then the blonde says, "Well, you told me to use my head."Zack and his mule were walking down the road when one of Zack's friends drove up and offered him a ride to town. Zack got into the truck while his mule ran along behind. The mule was right in back of them as they reached 55, and stayed with them as they sped up to 70.

"I'm worried about your mule," said the driver, "his tongue's hanging out."

"Which way?" asked Zack.

"Left," his friend said.

"Well, stay in this lane - he's about to pass." shouted Zack.Sign over a gynecologist's office:
"Dr. Jones, at your cervix."

On a Plumbers truck:
"We repair what your husband fixed."

On the trucks of a local plumbing company;
"Don't sleep with a drip. Call your plumber."

Pizza shop slogan:
"7 days without pizza makes one weak."

At a tire shop in Milwaukee:
"Invite us to your next blowout."

At a laundry shop:
"How about we refund your money, send you a new one at no charge, close the store and have the manager shot. Would that be satisfactory?"

At a towing company:
"We don't charge an arm and a leg. We want tows."

On an electrician's truck:
"Let us remove your shorts."

In a nonsmoking area:
"If we see smoke, we will assume you are on fire and take appropriate action."

On a maternity room door:
"Push. Push. Push."

At an optometrist's office:
"If you don't see what you're looking  for, you've come to the right place."

On a taxidermist's window:
"We really know our stuff."

In a podiatrist's office:
"Time wounds all heels."

On a fence:
"Dog food is expensive.  Salesmen welcome!"

At a car dealership:
"The best way to get back on your feet: miss a car payment."

Outside a muffler shop:
"No appointment necessary. We'll hear you coming."

In a veterinarian's waiting room:
"Be back in 5 minutes.  Sit! Stay!"

At the electric company:
"We would be de-lighted if you send in your bill. However, if you don't, you will be."Using the following list will most certainly keep your afternoons free and enable you to watch those cool Oprah and Sally shows. 

When filling out the job application form, under the heading 'Sex',  instead of writing male or female, write in, "Not nearly enough, but I'm trying!" 

In the same form under the heading 'Have you ever been convicted of a crime?' answer, "Not yet." 

Show up late for the interview and try to rationalize it by saying, "My mom forgot to wake me again."  This is in especially bad taste if you happen to be in your forties or older. 

When meeting the interviewer for the first time, shake his hand and say: "You look familiar.  I'm sure I've seen you before somewhere. Weren't you in the cell next to mine at Sing Sing?" 

Tell the employer you will need a salary of at least $40k because the price of cocaine has gone up. 

When asked why you left your last job, say: "Ah, well, my employer died under mysterious circumstances and like I told the police when they brought me in for questioning, I was home alone sleeping at the time." 

Ask the employer how close your office will be to the bathroom, explaining how you picked up a highly contagious worm while traveling abroad and now you just can't seem to get rid of it. 

Ask the employer what his thoughts are on recreational pot smoking in the employee's lounge. 

Tell the employer you won't be able to start for five to ten years because you are going on a little vacation. 

After the interview, call the employer at home at 3 a.m. and ask if he/she has made a decision yet on whom to hire.In a bi-partisan move, President Bush has nominated Dr. Hannibal Lecter as his candidate for US Surgeon General.

"I think Dr. Lecter will serve with pride, fava beans, and a nice Chianti," Bush announced.

In another announcement, Special Agent Clarice Starling will become the new FBI director.  She's expected to work closely with the new Surgeon General on a case concerning missing former Vice President Al Gore.  President Bush had recently arranged a meeting between Gore and Lecter.  

Lecter was the last person to see Gore before Gore's sudden disappearance in early January.  Lecter noted that he, "enjoyed having Gore for dinner," but was upset at how Gore, or, rather the *subject* of Gore kept "coming up."  "I'm sick to my stomach over this," Lecter said.

President Bush didn't seem concerned with the disappearance of his rival for the office.  "I think it's all crap by now, don't you?"Things some people learn as they "mature."

I've learned that you cannot make  someone love you.  All you can do is stalk them and hope they panic and give in.

I've learned that no matter how much I care, some people are just jerks.

I've learned that it takes years to build up trust, and it only takes suspicion - not proof - to destroy it.

I've learned that, without a good mind, you can get by on charm for about fifteen minutes. After that, you'd better have a big weenie or huge boobs.

I've learned that you shouldn't compare yourself to others -they are more screwed up than you think.

I've learned that we are responsible for what we do, unless we are celebrities.

 I've learned that regardless of how hot and steamy a relationship is at first, the passion fades, and there had
better be a lot of money to take its place.

I've learned that sometimes the people you  expect to kick you when you're down, will.

I've learned that we don't have to ditch bad friends, because their dysfunction makes us feel better about  ourselves.

I've learned that no matter how you try to protect your children, they will eventually get arrested and end up in the local paper.

I've learned to say "F--- 'em if they can't take a joke" in 6 languages!Next time you start to groan at friend's pun, ask yourself: Am I just being jealous?:

"A pun is the lowest form of humor -- when you don't think of it first."
--Oscar Levant

"Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns; he should be drawn and quoted."
--Fred Allen

"A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents."
--G. C. LichtenbergFive surgeons are discussing who makes the best patients to operate on.

The first surgeon says, "I like to see accountants on my operating table, because when you open them up, everything inside is numbered."

The second responds, "Yeah, but you should try electricians! Everything inside them is color coded."

The third surgeon says, "No, I really think librarians are the best; everything inside them is in alphabetical order."

The fourth surgeon chimes in: "You know, I like construction workers...those guys always understand when you have a few parts left over at the end, and when the job takes longer than you said it would."

But the fifth surgeon shut them all up when he observed: "You're all wrong. Politicians are the easiest to operate on. There's no guts, no heart, and no  spine, and the head and butt are interchangeable."My friend is a rather old-fashioned lady, always quite delicate and elegant, especially in her language. She and her husband were planning a week's vacation in Florida, so she wrote to a particular campground and asked for a reservation. She wanted to make sure the campground was properly equipped, but didn't quite know how to ask about the "toilet" facitilities. She just couldn't bring herself to write the word "toilet" in her letter. After much deliberation, she finally came up the the old-fashioned term "bathroom commode". But after she wrote that down, she still thought she was being too forward. So, she started all over again and re-wrote the entire letter. This time, she referred to the bathroom commode as merely B.C. "Does the campground have its own B.C.?" she wrote.

The campground owner wasn't old-fashioned, and he just couldn't figure out what the woman was talking about. The business about "B.C." stumped him. After much thought and deliberation, he showed the letter to other campers to get their opinions, but they didn't know either. The campground owner finally decided that the woman was asking about the location of the Baptist Church, and sat down and wrote this reply:

"Dear Madam:

I regret the delay in answering your letter, but I now take great pleasure in informing you that a B.C. is located nine miles north of the campground, and is capable of seating 250 people at one time. I admit it is quite a distance away if you are in the habit of going regularly, but no doubt you will be pleased to know that a great number of people take their lunches along and make a day of it. They usually arrive early and stay late.

The last time my wife and I went was 6 years ago, and it was so crowded we had to stand up the whole time we were there. It may interest you to know that right now, there is a supper planned to raise money to buy more seats. They're going to hold it in the basement of the B.C. I would like to say it pains me very much not to be able to go more regularly, but it surely is through no lack of desire on my end. As we grow older, it seems to take more of an effort, particularly in cold weather. If you decide to come down to our campground, perhaps I could go with you the first time you go, sit with you, and introduce you to all the other folks.

Remember, this is a very friendly community.

Best Regards, 
The Campgound Owner"Before - You take my breath away.
After - I feel like I'm suffocating.

Before - Twice a night.
After - Twice a month.

Before - She loves the way I take control of a situation.
After - She called me a controlling, manipulative, egomaniac.

Before - Ricky & Lucy.
After - Fred & Ethel.

Before - Saturday Night Live.
After - Monday Night Football.

Before - He makes me feel like a million dollars.
After - If I had a dime for every stupid thing he's done...

Before - Don't Stop.
After - Don't Start.

Before - The Sound of Music.
After - The Sound of Silence.

Before - Is that all you are eating?
After - Maybe you should just have a salad, honey.

Before - Wheel of Fortune.
After - Jeopardy.

Before - It's like living a dream.
After - It's a nightmare.

Before - $60/dozen.
After - $1.50/stem.

Before - Turbocharged.
After - Needs a jump-start

Before - We agree on everything!
After - Doesn't she have a mind of her own?

Before - Victoria's Secret.
After - Fruit of the Loom.

Before - Feathers & handcuffs.
After - Ball and chain.

Before - Idol.
After - Idle.

Before - He's lost without me.
After - Why can't he ask for directions?

Before - When together, time stands still.
After - This relationship is going nowhere.

Before - Croissant and cappuccino.
After - Bagels and instant coffee.

Before - Oysters.
After - Fishsticks.

Before - I can hardly believe we found each other.
After - How the hell did I end up with someone like you?

Before - Romeo and Juliet.
After - Bill and Hillary.1.  Home is where you hang your @
2. The E-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.
3. A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
4. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.
5. Great groups from little icons grow.
6. Speak softly and carry a cellular phone.
7. C: is the root of all directories.
8. Don't put all your hypes in one home page.
9. Pentium wise - pen and paper foolish.
10. The modem is the message.
11. Too many clicks spoil the browse.
12. The geek shall inherit the earth.
13. A chat has nine lives.
14. Don't byte off more than you can view.
15. Fax is stranger than fiction.
16. What boots up must come down.
17. Windows will never cease.
18. In Gates we trust.
19. Virtual reality is its own reward.
20. Modulation in all things.
21. A user and his leisure time are soon parted.
22. There's no place like home.com.
23. Know what to expect before you connect.
24. Oh, what a tangled web site we weave when first we practice.
25. Speed thrills.
26. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeksA man was sitting at home one evening, when the doorbell rang. When he answered the door, a 6 foot tall cockroach was standing there.  The cockroach immediately punched him between the eyes and scampered off.

The next evening, the man was sitting at home when the doorbell rang again.  When he answered the door, the cockroach was there again.  This time, it punched him, kicked him and karate chopped him before running away.

The third evening, the man was sitting at home when the doorbell rang.  When he answered the door, the cockroach was there yet again.  It leapt at him and stabbed him several times before running off. The gravely injured man managed to crawl to the telephone and summoned an ambulance.

He was rushed to intensive care, where they saved his life.

The next morning, the doctor was doing his rounds.  He asked the man what happened, so the man explained about the 6 foot cockroach's attacks, culminating in the near fatal stabbing.

The doctor thought for a moment and said, "Yes, there's a nasty bug going around."Just think, if it weren't for marriage, 
men would go through life thinking they had no faults at all.Winners of a New York Magazine contest who were asked to take a well-known expression in a foreign language, change a single letter and provide a definition for the new expression

RESPONDEZ S'IL VOUS PLAID:
Honk if you're Scottish

HARLEZ-VOUS FRANCAIS?:
Can you drive a French motorcycle?

VENI, VIPI, VICI:
I came, I'm a very important person, I conquered.

COGITO EGGO SUM:
I think; therefore I am a waffle.

RIGOR MORRIS:
The cat is dead.  

QUE SERA SERF:
Life is feudal.

LE ROI EST MORT.  JIVE LE ROI:
The king is dead. No kidding.

POSH MORTEM:
Death styles of the rich and famous.

PRO BOZO PUBLICO:
Support your local clown.

MONAGE A TROIS:
I am three years old.

HASTE CUISINE:
Fast French food.

QUIP PRO QUO:
A fast retort.

ALOHA OY:
Love; greetings; farewell; from such a pain you should never know.

MAZEL TON:
Tons of luck.

VISA LA FRANCE:
Don't leave your chateau without it.

CARNE DIEM:
Seize the meatHaving been raised a Catholic and having gone to church some time in my past, I think these are still verifiable!

AMEN: The only part of a prayer that everyone knows.

BULLETIN: 
1. Parish information read only during the homily.
2. Catholic air conditioning.
3. Your receipt for attending Mass.

CHOIR: A group of people whose singing allows the rest of the Congregation to lip-sync.

HOLY WATER: A liquid whose chemical formula is H2OLY.

HYMN: A song of praise, usually sung in a key three octaves higher than that of the congregation's range.

RECESSIONAL HYMN: The last song at Mass, often sung a little more quietly, since most of the people have already left.

INCENSE: Holy Smoke!

JESUITS: An order of priests known for their ability to found colleges with good basketball teams.

JONAH: The original "Jaws" story.

JUSTICE: When kids have kids of their own.

KYRIE ELIEISON: The only Greek words that most Catholics can recognize besides gyros and baklava.

MAGI: The most famous trio to attend a baby shower.

MANGER: 
1. Where Mary gave birth to Jesus because Joseph wasn't covered by an HMO. 
2. The Bible's way of showing us that holiday travel has always been rough.

PEW: A medieval torture device still found in Catholic Churches.

PROCESSION: The ceremonial formation at the beginning of Mass, consisting of altar servers, the celebrant, and late parishioners looking for seats.

RECESSIONAL: The ceremonial procession at the conclusion of Mass -led by parishioners trying to beat the crowd to the parking lot.

RELICS: People who have been going to Mass for so long, they actually know when to sit, kneel, and stand.

TEN COMMANDMENTS: The most important Top Ten list not given  by David Letterman.

USHERS: The only people in the parish who don't know the seating capacity of a pew.Police in Radnor, Pennsylvania, interrogated a suspect by placing a metal colander on his head and connecting it with wires to a photocopy machine. The message "He's lying" was placed in the copier, and the police pressed the copy button each time they thought the suspect wasn't telling the truth.  Believing the "lie detector" was working, the suspect confessed.A blonde was recently hired at an office. Her first task was to go out for coffee.
 
Eager to do well her first day on the job, she grabbed a large thermos and hurried to a nearby coffee shop.
 
She held up the thermos and the coffee shop worker quickly came over to take her order.
 
"Is this big enough to hold six cups of coffee?" the blonde asked.
 
The coffee shop worker looked at the thermos, hesitated a few seconds, then finally replied, "Yeah. It looks like about six cups to me."
 
"Oh good!" the blonde sighed in relief.

"Then give me two regular, two black, and two decaf."There's a man named Ralph that goes into a bar, looking very depressed. A friend approaches him and asks, "Why the long face, Ralph?" 

"Oh, I'm just bored. I know every person in the entire world now, and there's just nothing left to challenge me." 

His friend says, "No, you can't know everyone. Do you know Paul McCartney?" 

He says, "Sure, Paul's an old friend of mine. Here, I'll show you." He goes over to a phone, dials a number. His friend overhears a British accent, "Hey Ralph, how ya doing?" 

He talks for a while, but when Ralph hangs up, his friend is not really sure that it was Paul McCartney on the other end of the line, so he asks him if he knows the president. 

Ralph says, "Sure, we go way back." This time he lets him listen in as he calls a private number. It sounds like the president on the other end of the line, and they go into a big discussion of the current economic scene, and Ralph offers a few suggestions. Drawing the conversation to a close, Ralph wishes him well and hangs up. 

His friend is a little dumbfounded at this point. "Well, there must be someone that you don't know." He goes over a few more people in his mind, and thinks, 'He can't possibly know the Pope. After all, he's a Protestant.' 

But Ralph claims to know him, so to convince himself otherwise, his friend decides to fly both himself and Ralph to the Vatican to get positive proof of Ralph's conviction. 

So they arrive at the Vatican, and Ralph suggests that his friend wait out in the Papal square until Ralph has cleared things with the Pope. He's standing in the courtyard, when who walks out onto the balcony of the private residence, arm in arm with the Pope, but Ralph. 

Ralph looks down, sees that his friend has apparently passed out, and runs down to see what can be done for him. "What happened to you? Couldn't you accept the fact that I really do know the Pope?" 

"No, I'd begun to accept that possibility. But what really took my breath away was some stranger standing next to me who said, 'Who's that guy standing there with Ralph?'"A man inserted an 'ad' in the classified: "Wife wanted". 

Next day he received a hundred letters. 

They all said the same thing: "You can have mine.""LEARNING CHINESE"

That's not right: Sum Ting Wong

Are you harboring a fugitive?: Hu Yu Hai Ding?

See me ASAP: Kum Hia Nao

Stupid Man: Dum Gai

Small Horse: Tai Ni Po Ni

Did you go to the beach?: Wai Yu So Tan?

I bumped into a coffee table: Ai Bang Mai Ni

I think you need a face lift: Chin Tu Fat

It's very dark in here: Wai So Dim?

I thought you were on a diet: Mun Ching?

This is a tow away zone: No Pah King

You are not very bright: Yu So Dum

I got this for free: Ai No Pei

Please stay a while longer: Wai Go Nao?

Stay out of sight: Lei Lo

He's cleaning his automobile: Wa Shing Ka

Your body odor is offensive: Yu Stin Ki PuAn atheist was spending a quiet day fishing when suddenly his boat was attacked by the Loch Ness monster. In one easy flip, the beast tossed him and his boat high into the air; then it opened its mouth to swallow both.

As the man sailed head over heels, he cried out, "Oh, my God! Help me!"

At once, the ferocious attack scene froze in place, and as the atheist hung in mid-air, a booming voice came down from the clouds, "I thought you didn't believe in Me!"

"Come on God, give me a break!!" the man pleaded. "two minutes ago I didn't believe in the Loch Ness monster either!"A priest and a rabbi found themselves sharing a compartment on a train. After a while, the priest put down his book and opened a conversation by saying, "I know that, in your religion, you're not supposed to eat pork... but have you really never even tasted it?"

The rabbi closed his newspaper and responded, "I must tell you the truth. Yes I have, on the odd occasion."

The rabbi had his turn of interrogation. He asked, "I know that in your religion, you're supposed to be celibate... but..."

The priest interjected, "Yes, I know what you are going to ask, and yes, I have succumbed to temptation once or twice."

The two resumed their reading. There was silence for a while.

Then the rabbi peeked around his newspaper with a smile and said, "Better than pork, isn't it?"Patient: "Doctor, you gotta help me. I'm under a lot of stress. I keep losing my temper with people."

Doctor: "Tell me about your problem."

Patient: "I just did, you moron!"What a woman says:

This place is a mess! C'mon! You and I need to clean up!
Your stuff is lying on the floor and you'll have no clothes
to wear if we don't do laundry right now!

What a man hears:

blah,blah,blah,blah, C'MON, blah,blah,blah,blah, YOU AND I
blah, blah,blah,blah, ON THE FLOOR blah,blah,blah,blah,
NO CLOTHES blah,blah,blah,blah, RIGHT NOW!In pharmacology, all drugs have generic names:

Tylenol is acetaminophen, 
Advil is ibuprofen, & so on.

The FDA has been looking for a generic name for Viagra and
announced today that they have settled on mycoxafailin.

Also considered were mycoxafloppin, mydixadrupin and mydixarizin.A minister decided to do something a little different one Sunday morning. He said "Today, church members, I am going to say a single word and you are going to help me preach. Whatever single word I say, I want you to sing whatever hymn that comes to your mind."

The pastor shouted out, "Cross." 
Immediately the congregation started singing in unison, "The Old Rugged Cross."

The Pastor hollered out "Grace." 
The congregation began to sing, "Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound..."

The Pastor said, "Power." 
The congregation sang, "There is Power in the Blood."

The Pastor said, "Sex." 
The congregation fell in total silence; everyone was in shock. They all nervously began to look around at each other, afraid to say anything. Then, way in the back of the church, a little old grandmother stood up and began to sing,

........."Precious Memories".A couple went on vacation to a fishing resort in northern Minnesota. The husband liked to fish at the crack of dawn. The wife liked to read.

 One morning the husband returned after several hours of fishing and decided to take a nap. Although not familiar with the lake, the wife decided to take the boat out. She motored out a short distance, anchored, and continued to read her book. 
 
Along came a game warden in his boat. He pulled up alongside  the woman and said, " Good morning Ma'am. What are you doing?" 

"Reading a book," she replied, (thinking "isn't that obvious?") 

"You're in a restricted fishing area," he informed her. 

"I'm sorry officer, but I'm not fishing, I'm reading." 

"Yes, but you have all the equipment. I'll have to take you in and write you up." 
 
"If you do that, I'll have to charge you with sexual  assault," said the woman.  

"But I haven't even touched you," said the game warden. 

"That's true, but you have all the equipment." 
 

MORAL: Never argue with a woman who reads. It's likely  she can also think."If I sold my house and my car, had a big garage sale and gave all my money to the church, would that get me into Heaven?" I asked the children in my Sunday school class.
 
"NO!" the children all answered.
 
"If I cleaned the church every day, mowed the yard, and kept everything neat and tidy, would that get me into Heaven?"
 
Again, the answer was, "NO!"
 
"Well, then, if I was kind to animals and gave candy to all the children, and loved my wife, would that get me into Heaven?"
 
Again, they all answered, "NO!"
 
"Well," I continued, "then how can I get into Heaven?"
 
A five-year-old boy shouted out, "YOU GOTTA BE DEAD!"Stupid Things Said In The World Of Soccer:

1. Well, it's Liverpool two, Ipswich nil, and if the score stays this way, I've got to fancy Liverpool for the win.

2. He had an eternity to play that ball, but took too long.

3. And so they have not been able to improve on their 100% record.

4. With the last kick of the game, he scored with a header.

5. Well, it's a fabulous kaleidescope of colour: almost all the Brazilians are wearing yellow shirts.

6. If that had gone on, it would definitely have been a goal.

7. Their manager, Howard Wilkinson, isn't here today, which strongly suggests that he may be elsewhere.

8. I am a firm believer that if one team scores a goal, the other needs to score two to win.

9. If a team scores early on, it often takes an early lead.

10. You cannot possibly have counted the number of passes made, but there were eight.If the entire world was a stage and God was the director, what we need is a rehearsal.CNN gets news that 100 blonds are killed in a
train accident at Marylebone station. Only one blond
left alive.

The correspondent goes to her and asks, "Miss, how did it happen?"

Blond: "Oh don't ask about it. All were right as long
as all were waiting on the platform for the train. Then came the announcement that 'The bakerloo line will arrive on platform number 2' so when everyone heard that the train is coming on the platform, everyone ran to the rails to save their lives, and the train arrived on the rails!!!"

Correspondent: "Thank god you thought well and didn't go to the rails"

Blond: "Oh no, I was on the rails for committing
suicide and after the announcement I came to the
platform!"A visitor from Pakistan was strolling in a park in New Delhi, India, enjoying the greenery and flowers. He needed to empty his bladder badly, but couldn't find a urinal anywhere. 

He couldn't hold out any longer, and went behind a large bush. Just as he was undoing his fly buttons a policeman caught him. "What do you think you are doing?" asked the constable.

"I want to pee," replied the visitor. "I am from Pakistan and I don't know where to go. Please help me out."

The constable ordered, "OK, follow me. I'll show you a place with more greenery, flowers and bushes than this park. You can pee there as much as you like." He took the Pakistani to a greener and more beautiful garden where he emptied his bladder.

The Pakistani emptied his bladder, thanked the policeman and asked "Whose garden is this, it is so beautiful?"

The constable replied, "This is the garden of the Pakistani High Commission."Love is in the Air

An elderly French man was slowly walking down the countryside, admiring the beautiful spring day, when over a hedgerow he spotted a young couple, naked, making love in a field.

Getting over his initial shock he said to himself, "Ah ze young love ...ze spring time, ze air, ze flowers, c'est magnifique!!" and continued to watch remembering good times. Suddenly he drew in a gasp and said, "Mais... Sacre bleu!! Ze woman - she is dead!" and he hurried along as fast as he could to the town to tell Albert, the police chief.

He arrived, out of breath, to the police station and shouted, "Albert...Albert, zere is zis man zis woman ...naked in farmer Gaston's field, making love." The police chief smiled and said, "Come, come, Henri. You are not so old to remember ze young love, ze spring time, ze air, ze flowers... Ah, L'amour! Zis is okay."

"Mais non! You do not understand, ze woman she is dead!!" Hearing this Albert leapt out from his seat and rushed out of the station, and the police car being serviced, he ran down to the field, confirmed Henri's story, and ran all the way back non-stop to call the doctor:

"Pierre, Pierre, ... this is Albert. I was in Gaston's field. Zere is a young couple naked 'aving sex "

Pierre replied, "Albert, I am a man of science. You must remember, it is spring, ze air, ze flowers. Ah, l'amour! Zis is very natural."

Albert, still out of breath gasped in reply, "NON, you do not understand. Ze woman, she is dead!" Hearing this, Pierre shouted, "Mon dieu!" grabbed his black medicine bag, stuffed in his thermometer, stethoscope, and other tools and jumped in the car and drove like a madman down to Gaston's field.

Upon getting there he gave the couple a full medical exam and drove back to Henri and Albert, who were waiting at the station. He got there, went inside, and smiled patiently at the two Frenchmen and said, "Ah, mes amis, do not worry. Ze woman, she is not dead. She is English."A man was sitting in a bar, nursing a beer and looking extremely dejected. The sympathetic bartender said, "Man, you look real down. Wanna talk about it? Sometimes it helps."

"Well, I doubt it," replied the man. "You see, I'm a composer who hasn't had much luck. It seems the world is really against me. Recently I wrote the best song I've ever written, but I can't get any music publishers interested, and I've been to them all."

The bartender suggested, "Well let's hear it. Try it out on the crowd."

The man moves to the bar piano and proceeds to play a tune so incredibly melodious, so ethereal, that the bar turns dead quiet except for the music. Everyone is totally entranced. Goose bumps appear all over the audience and lumps rise in throats, as the music penetrates the very soul of all those present.

When he finishes playing, all is silent for a few minutes, then the bartender remarked, "I can't believe you can't get that published! That has to be the most beautiful piece of music I've ever heard. What's it called, anyway?"

"I call it 'I Love You So Much That I Just Know You'll Cheat On Me, You Witch!'" the musician replied.Bread Is Dangerous

1. More than 98 percent of convicted felons are bread users.

2. Fully HALF of all children who grow up in bread consuming households score below average on standardized tests.

3. In the 18th century, when virtually all bread was baked in the home, the average life expectancy was less than 50 years; infant mortality rates were unacceptably high; many women died in childbirth; and diseases such as typhoid, yellow fever, and influenza ravaged whole nations.

4. More than 90 percent of violent crimes are committed within 24 hours of eating bread.

5. Bread has been proven to be addictive. Subjects deprived of bread and given only water to eat, begged for bread after as little as two days.

6. Bread is often a "gateway" food item, leading the user to "harder" items such as butter, jelly, peanut butter, and even cream cheese.

7. Bread has been proven to absorb water. Since the human body is more than 90 percent water, it follows that eating bread could lead to your body being taken over by this absorptive food product, turning you into a soggy, gooey , bread-pudding person.

8. Newborn babies can choke on bread.

9. Bread is baked at temperatures as high as 450 degrees Fahrenheit! That kind of heat can kill an adult in less than two minutes.

10. Most American bread eaters are utterly unable to distinguish between significant scientific fact and meaningless statistical babbling.A woman awoke excitedly on Valentine's Day and announced enthusiastically to her husband, "I just dreamt that you gave me a pearl necklace for Valentine's Day! What do you think it means?"

With certainty in his voice, the man said, "You'll know tonight."

That evening, the man came home with a small package and handed it to his wife. With anxious anticipation the woman quickly opened the package to find a book entitled, "The Meaning of Dreams."Why are married women heavier than single women?

Single women come home, see what's in the fridge and go to bed.

Married women come home, see what's in bed and go to the fridge.Billy asked his mother, "Can I go over to Little Johnny's house and watch the magic show?"

Billy's mother replied, "Whatever do you mean, dear?"

He answered, "The one Johnny's mom performs.  I heard her tell Miss Figpot that she got $600 for doing six tricks last night.  That must be some kind of show!"DOCTORS WERE TOLD TO CONTRIBUTE TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF A NEW HOSPITAL WING AT THE HOSPITAL. WHAT WAS THEIR REACTION? 
         
         The allergists voted to scratch it. 
         
         The dermatologists preferred no rash moves. 
         
         The gastroenterologists had a gut feeling about it. 
         
         The neurologists thought the administration had a lot of nerve. 
         
         The obstreticians stated they were laboring under a misconception. 
         
         The ophthalmologists considered the idea shortsighted. 
         
         The orthopedists issued a joint resolution. 
         
         The pathologists yelled, "over my dead body!" 
         
         The pediatricians said, "grow up." 
         
         The proctologists said, "We are in arrears." 
         
         The psychiatrists thought it was madness. 
         
         The surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing. 
         
         The radiologists could see right through it. 
         
         The internists thought it was a hard pill to swallow. 
         
         The plastic surgeons said, "This puts a whole new face on the matter." 
         
         The podiatrists thought it was a big step forward. 
         
         The urologists felt the scheme wouldn't hold water. 
         
         The cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no.Bounty           -   The Quicker Picker-Upper
Chevy Truck    -   Like A Rock
Energizer        -   It Keepsa Going And Going
KFC                -   Finger Lickin' Good
McDonals        -   We Love To See You Smile
M&M's             -   It Melts In Your Mouth, Not In Your Hands
Nike               -   Just Do It
Pringles          -   Once You Pop, You Can't StopLittle Johnny was giving confession, and he told the priest that he was having impure thoughts about his sister. "Is this a sin, Father?" he asked.
 
The priest nodded and said, "Yes, Little Johnny, indeed, it is a sin. Look at the two beautiful brothers you have."Did you hear that Hollywood is going to remake The Exorcist?
 
The new movie is about a mother who hires the Devil to get a priest out of her son."When I see a monk's ass I just grab it."
Said the lazily amorous abbot.
"Although it's more fun,
To have sex with a nun,
It's so hard to get into the habit!"During the church service one Sunday, a parishioner was speaking about an emotionally charged topic and had trouble controlling her tears. Finishing her remarks, she told the congregation, "I apologize for crying so much. I'm usually not such a big boob."
 
The bishop rose to close the session and remarked,
 
"That's okay. We like big boobs."Q: What is black and white and green and black and white?
 
A: Two nuns fighting over a sweaty pickle. 


Q: What is black and white and grinds up and down, up and down?

A: A nun churning butter.Q: What is black and white and gooey and creamy?
 
A: A nun eating a bowl of Tapioca pudding. 



Q: What is black and white and makes a wet, sucking sound?
 
A: A toothless, elderly nun eating a Communion wafer.An adult is a person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle.

A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.

A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.

An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.

A statistician is someone who is good with numbers but lacks the personality to be an accountant.

An actuary is someone who brings a fake bomb on a plane, because that decreases the chances that there will be another bomb on the plane.

A programmer is someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't understand.

A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there.

A topologist is a someone who doesn't know the difference between a coffee cup and doughnut.

A lawyer is a person who writes a 10,000 word document and calls it a "brief."

A psychologist is someone who watches everyone else when a beautiful girl enters the room.

A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.

A consultant is someone who takes the watch off your wrist and tells you the time.

A committee is a body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.If two black cats walk by each other, then do they both get bad luck?

Does the more disgusting foods mean that they are healthier?

When you get your first pair of scissors you need a pair of scissors to open the pair of scissors that you just got. So how are you going to get it open?According to the Alaska Department of Fish and Game, while both male and female reindeer grow antlers in the summer each year, male reindeer drop their antlers at the beginning of winter, usually late November to mid-December. Female reindeer retain their antlers till after they give birth in the spring. 

Therefore, according to every historical rendition depicting Santa's reindeer, every single one of them, from Rudolph to Blitzen- had to be a girl. 

We should've known. Only women, while pregnant, would be able to drag a fat man in a red velvet suit all around the world in one night and not get lost.For all you engineers (and other geniuses) who have difficulty converting units ....
 
 
 1.    Ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter?  =  Eskimo Pi
 
 2.    2000 pounds of Chinese soup?  =  Won ton
 
 3.    1 millionth of a mouthwash?  =  1 microscope
 
 4.    Time between slipping on a peel and smacking the pavement?  =  1 bananosecond
 
 5.    Weight an evangelist carries with God?  =  1 billigram
 
 6.    Time it takes to sail 220 yards at 1 nautical mile per hour?  = Knotfurlong
 
 7.    16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone?  =  1 Rod Serling
 
 8.    Half of a large intestine?  =  1 semicolon
 
 9.    1,000,000 aches?  =  1 megahurtz
 
 10.    Basic unit of laryngitis?  =  1 hoarsepower
 
 11.    Shortest distance between two jokes?  =  A straight line
 
 12.    453.6 graham crackers?  =  1 pound cake
 
 13.    1 million-million microphones?  =  1 megaphone
 
 14.    2 million bicycles?  =  2 megacycles
 
 15.    365.25 days?  =  1 unicycle
 
 16.    2000 mockingbirds?  =  2 kilomockingbirds
 
 17.    52 cards?  =  1 decacards
 
 18.    1 kilogram of falling figs?  =  1 Fig Newton
 
 19.    1000 milliliters of wet socks?  =  1 literhosen
 
 20.    1 millionth of a fish?  =  1 microfiche
 
 21.    1 trillion pins?  =  1 terrapin
 
 22.    10 rations?  =  1 decoration
 
 23.    100 rations?  =  1 C-ration
 
 24.    2 monograms?  =  1 diagram
 
 25.    4 nickels?  =1 paradigms
 
 26.    2.4 statute miles of intravenous surgical tubing at Yale University Hospital?  =  1 IV League
 
 27.    100 Senators?  =  Not 1 decisionLung Cancer in Women Mushrooms
Eye Drops Off Shelf
Teachers' Strike Idles Kids
Enraged Cow Injures Farmer with Axe
Plane too Close To Ground, Crash Probe Told
Miners Refuse to Work After Death
Juvenile Court to Try Shooting Defendant
Stolen Painting Found by Tree
Killer Sentenced to Die For Second Time in 10 Years
Never Withhold Herpes Infection from Loved One
War Dims Hope for Peace
If Strike Isn't Settled Quickly, it May Last a While
Cold Wave Linked to Temperatures
Red Tape Holds up New Bridge
Typhoon Rips through Cemetery; Hundreds Dead
Man Struck by Lightning Faces Battery Charge
New Study of Obesity Looks for Larger Test Group
Astronaut Takes Blame for Gas In Spacecraft
Kids Make Nutritious Snacks
Chef Throws His Heart in Helping Feed Needy
Arson Suspect Held in Massachusetts Fire
Ban On Soliciting Dead in Trotwood
Local High School Dropout Cuts in Half
New Vaccine May Contain Rabies
Hospitals Are Sued by 7 Foot Doctors
Two Sisters Reunited After 18 Years in Checkout Counter9. Why it's good to have five pairs of black shoes.
8. The difference between cream, ivory, and off-white.
7. Crying can be fun.
6. Fat clothes.
5. A salad, diet drink, and a hot fudge sundae make a balanced lunch.
4. Discovering a designer dress on the clearance rack can be considered a peak life experience.
3. The inaccuracy of every bathroom scale ever made.
2. A good man might be hard to find, but a good hairdresser is next to impossible.

And the number one thing only women understand...
1. Other women!Monday: Now home from honeymoon and settled in our new home. It's fun to cook for John. Today I made angel food cake. The recipe said, "Beat 12 eggs separately." The neighbors were nice enough to loan me some extra bowls.

Tuesday: John wanted fruit salad for supper. The recipe said, "Serve without dressing." So I didn't dress. What a surprise when John brought a friend home for supper.

Wednesday: A good day for rice. Recipe said, "Wash thoroughly before steaming the rice." It seemed kinda of silly but I took a bath. I can't say it improved the rice any.

Thursday: Today John asked for salad again. I tried a new recipe. It said, "Prepare ingredients, then toss on a bed of lettuce one hour before serving." Which is what led up to John asking me why I was rolling around in the garden.

Friday: I found an easy recipe for cookies. It said, "Put all 20 ingredients in bowl and beat it." There must have been something wrong with this recipe. When I got back, everything was the same as when I left.

Saturday: John did the shopping today and brought home a chicken. He asked me to dress it for Sunday. (oh boy) For some reason John keeps counting to ten.

Sunday: John's folks came to dinner. I wanted to serve roast. All I could find was hamburger. Suddenly, I had a flash of genius. I put the hamburger in the oven and set the controls for roast. It still came out hamburger, much to my disappointment.

Good night, Dear Diary. This has been a very exciting week. I am eager for tomorrow to come so I can try out a new recipe on John.The old cowhand came riding into town on a hot, dry, dusty day. The local sheriff watched from his chair in front of the saloon as the Cowboy wearily dismounted and tied his horse to the rail a few feet in front of the sheriff.

"Howdy, stranger..."

"Howdy, Sheriff..." The cowboy then moved slowly to the back of his horse, lifted its tail, and placed a big kiss were the sun don't shine. He dropped the horse's tail, stepped up on the walk, and aimed toward the swinging doors of the saloon.

"Hold on, Mister..."

"Sheriff?"

"Did I just see what I think I just saw?"

"Reckon you did, Sheriff...I got me some powerful chapped lips..."

"And that cures them?"

"Nope, but it sure keeps me from lickin' em.Carol was having trouble with her computer. So she called Glenn, the computer guy, over to her desk. Glenn clicked a couple buttons and solved the problem.

As he was walking away, Carol called after him, "So, what was wrong?" And he replied, "It was an ID Ten T Error."

A puzzled expression ran riot over Carol's face. "An ID Ten T Error? What's that ... in case I need to fix it again??"

He gave her a grin... "Haven't you ever heard of an ID Ten T Error before?" "No," replied Carol. "Write it down," he said, "and I think you'll figure it out."

(She wrote...) I D 1 0 TThis guy goes into a restaurant for a Christmas breakfast while in his home town for the holidays. After looking over the menu he says, "I'll just have the eggs Benedict." His order comes a while later and it's served on a big, shiny hubcap.

 He asks the waiter, "What's with the hubcap?" 

The waiter sings, "Oh, there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise!"A girl in around fifth grade was walking home from school. As she walking she sees a really adorable little boy walking the same way as she is. The little boy comes up to her and says,
"Can i walk home with you??"
The little girl, being a mean snobby person says,
"Oooh, god no!! Go away ya midget!!"
"I'll cry!!!"
* big sigh * 
"Fine just don't cry!!"

When they get to her house she stops and tells him to go away. But he says,
"Can i come over??"
"Ooh no!!! No munchkins allowed!!"
"I'll cry!!"
*another big sigh*
"Fine, but only for a little bit"

Its getting late and she tells him to leave.
"Can I stay for dinner??"
"For the last time no!!! Go away!!!"
"I'll cry!!"
"Fine!!"

Dinner is over and she tells him to leave.
"Can i sleep over??"
"NO!! Never!!"
"I'll cry!!"
"OK, fine! But you have to sleep in the living room."

Later that night she hears a knock on the door.
"Can i sleep in your room?"
"No way!!"
"I'll cry!!"
"Fine."

Later on...
"Can i sleep in your bed?"
"Not in a million years!!"
"I'll cry!!"
"If you must, but no crying!!"

Even later...
"Can I stick my finger in your bellybutton??"
She shoots strait up in her bed!
"No you freak!!!"
"I'll cry!!"
"Fine!"
A beat.
"Hey thats not my belly button!!"
"Suprise, suprise thats not my finger!!!"ABBOTT: Ultimate SuperDuper Computer Store. Can I help you?
COSTELLO: Thanks. I'm setting up a home office in the den, and I'm thinking of buying a computer.
ABBOTT: Mac?
COSTELLO: No, the name is Bud.
ABBOTT: Your computer?
COSTELLO: I don't own a computer. I want to buy one.
ABBOTT: Mac?
COSTELLO: I told you, my name is Bud.
ABBOTT: What about Windows?
COSTELLO: Why? Does it get stuffy?
ABBOTT: Do you want a computer with Windows?
COSTELLO: I don't know. What do I see when I look out the windows?
ABBOTT: Wallpaper.

COSTELLO: Never mind the windows. I need a computer and software.
ABBOTT: Software that runs on Windows?
COSTELLO: No, on the computer! I need something I can use to write proposals, track expenses. You know, run a business. What have you got?
ABBOTT: Office.
COSTELLO: Yeah, for my office. Can you recommend anything?
ABBOTT: I just did.
COSTELLO: You just did what?
ABBOTT: Recommend something.
COSTELLO: You recommended something?
ABBOTT: Yes.
COSTELLO: For my office?
ABBOTT: Yes.
COSTELLO: Okay, what did you recommend for my office?
ABBOTT: Office.
COSTELLO: Yes, for my office.
ABBOTT: Office for Windows.

COSTELLO: I already have an office and it already has windows! Let's say I'm sitting at my computer, and I want to type a proposal. What do I need?
ABBOTT: Word.
COSTELLO: If I'm writing a proposal, I'm going to need lots of words. But what program do I load?
ABBOTT: Word.
COSTELLO: What word?
ABBOTT: The Word in Office.
COSTELLO: The only word in "office" is "office."
ABBOTT: The Word in Office for Windows.
COSTELLO: Which word in "office for windows"?
ABBOTT: The Word you get when you click the blue W.

COSTELLO: I'm going to click your big blue W if you don't give me a straight answer. Let's forget about words for a minute. What do I need if I want to watch a movie over the Internet?
ABBOTT: RealOne.
COSTELLO: Maybe a real movie, maybe a cartoon. What I watch is none of your business. But what do I need to watch it?
ABBOTT: RealOne.
COSTELLO: If it's a long movie I'll also want to watch reels two, three, and four. Can I watch reel four?
ABBOTT: Of course.
COSTELLO: Great! With what?
ABBOTT: RealOne.

COSTELLO: Okay, so I'm sitting at my computer and I want to watch a movie. What do I do?
ABBOTT: You click the blue 1.
COSTELLO: I click the blue one what?
ABBOTT: The blue 1.
COSTELLO: Is that different from the blue W?
ABBOTT: Of course it is. The blue 1 is RealOne. The blue W is Word.
COSTELLO: What word?
ABBOTT: The Word in Office for Windows.
COSTELLO: But there are three words in "office for windows"!
ABBOTT: No, just one. But it's the most popular Word in the world.
COSTELLO: It is?
ABBOTT: Yes, although to be fair there aren't many other Words left. It pretty much wiped out all the other Words.
COSTELLO: And that word is the real one?
ABBOTT: No. RealOne has nothing to do with Word. RealOne isn't even part of Office.

COSTELLO: Never mind; I don't want to get started with that again. But I also need something for bank accounts, loans, and so on. What do you have to help me track my money?
ABBOTT: Money.
COSTELLO: That's right. What do you have?
ABBOTT: Money.
COSTELLO: I need money to track my money?
ABBOTT: Money.
COSTELLO: Money comes bundled with my computer?
ABBOTT: Exactly. No extra charge.
COSTELLO: I get a bundle of money with my computer at no extra charge? How much money do I get?
ABBOTT: Just one copy.
COSTELLO: I get a copy of money. Isn't that illegal?
ABBOTT: No. We have a license from Microsoft to make copies of Money.
COSTELLO: Microsoft can license you to make money?
ABBOTT: Why not? They own it.

COSTELLO: Well, it's great that I'm going to get free money, but I'll still need to track it. Do you have anything for managing your money?
ABBOTT: Managing Your Money? That program disappeared years ago.
COSTELLO: Well, what do you sell in its place?
ABBOTT: Money.
COSTELLO: You sell money?
ABBOTT: Of course. But if you buy a computer from us, you get it for free.

COSTELLO: That's all very wonderful, but I'll be running a business. Do you have any software for, you know, accounting?
ABBOTT: Simply Accounting.
COSTELLO: Probably, but it might get a little complicated.
ABBOTT: If you don't want Simply Accounting, you might try M.Y.O.B.
COSTELLO: M.Y.O.B.? What does that stand for?
ABBOTT: Mind Your Own Business.
COSTELLO: I beg your pardon?
ABBOTT: No, that would be I.B.Y.P. I said M.Y.O.B.

COSTELLO: Look, I just need to do some accounting for my home business. You know - accounting? You do it with money.
ABBOTT: Of course you can do accounting with Money. But you may need more.
COSTELLO: More money?
ABBOTT: More than Money. Money can't do everything.

COSTELLO: I don't need a sermon! Okay, let's forget about money for the moment. I'm worried that my computer might . . . what's the word? Crash. And if my computer crashes, what can I use to restore my data?
ABBOTT: GoBack.
COSTELLO: Okay. I'm worried about my computer crashing and I need something to restore my data. What do you recommend?
ABBOTT: GoBack.
COSTELLO: How many times do I have to repeat myself?
ABBOTT: I've never asked you to repeat yourself. All I said was GoBack.

COSTELLO: How can I go back if I haven't even been anywhere? Okay, I'll go back. What do I need to write a proposal?
ABBOTT: Word.
COSTELLO: But I'll need lots of words to write a proposal.
ABBOTT: No, you only need one Word - the Word in Office for Windows.
COSTELLO: But there's three words in . . . Oh, never mind. *click*

ABBOTT: Hello? Hello? Customers! Why do they always hang up on me? Oh, wellOnce upon a time, God went missing for six days. Eventually, Michael the Archangel found him, resting, on the seventh day. He inquired of God,

"Where have you been?"

God sighed a deep sigh of satisfaction, and proudly pointed downwards through the clouds, " Look, Michael. Look what I've made."

Archangel Michael looked puzzled, and said, "What is it?"

"It's a planet," replied God, "and I've put Life on it. I'm going to call it Earth and it's going to be a great place of balance."

"Balance?" inquired Michael, still confused.

God explained, pointing to different parts of earth. "For example, northern Europe will be a place of great opportunity and wealth, while southern Europe is going to be poor - over there I've placed a continent of white people, and over there is a continent of black people." God continued pointing to different countries..."This one will be extremely hot, while this one will be very cold and covered in ice."

The Archangel, impressed by God's work, then pointed to a land mass and said, "What's that one?"

"Ah," said God. "That's Alaska, the most glorious place on earth. There are beautiful streams, hills, and forests - the people from Alaska are going to be handsome, modest, intelligent and humorous, and they are going to be found traveling the world. They will be extremely sociable, hardworking, and high-achieving, and they will be known throughout the world - as diplomats, and carriers of peace ...."

Michael gasped in wonder and admiration, but then proclaimed, "What about balance, God? You said there would be balance!"

God smiled, "Wait until you see the idiots I put in Juneau."A doctor made it his regular habit to stop off at a bar for a hazelnut daiquiri on his way home. The bartender knew of his habit, and would always have the drink waiting at precisely 5:03 p.m. 

One afternoon, as the end of the work day approached, the bartender was dismayed to find that he was out of hazelnut extract. Thinking quickly, he threw together a daiquiri made with hickory nuts and set it on the bar. 

The doctor came in at his regular time, took one sip of the drink and exclaimed, "This isn't a hazelnut daiquiri!" "No, I'm sorry," replied the bartender, "it's a hickory daiquiri, Doc."A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat.  He came across two men. One was sitting under a tree reading a book; the other was typing away on his typewriter. 

The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him. Even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest, and writers cramp.The newspaper obituary operator received a phone call. The woman on the other end asked, "How much do funeral notices cost?"

"Five dollars per word, ma'am," came the response.

"Good, do you have a paper and pencil handy?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Okay, write this: 'Cohen died.' "

"I'm sorry, ma'am, I forgot to tell you there's a five-word minimum."

"Hmmph," came the reply. "You certainly did forget to tell me that." After a moment of silence, the woman continued, "Got your pencil and paper?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Okay, print this: 'Cohen died. Cadillac for sale.' "Boudreaux went into the fish market to apply for a job. The boss thought to himself - I'm not hiring that lazy Cajun, so he decided to set a test for Boudreaux hoping he wouldn't be able to answer the questions and he'd be able to refuse him the job without getting into an argument.

The first question was, "Without using numbers, represent the number 9."

Boudreaux says, "Dat's easy" and proceeds to draw three trees.

The boss says, "What in the world is that?"

Boudreaux says, "Tree 'n tree 'n tree makes nine."

"Fair enough" says the boss. "Second questions, same rules, but represent 99".

Boudreaux stares into space for a while, then makes a smudge on each tree.

"Der ya go sir," he says.

The boss scratches his head and asks, "How on earth do you get that to represent 99?"

Boudreaux answers, "Each tree is dirty now, so it's dirty tree 'n dirty tree 'n dirty tree - dat 99."

The boss is getting worried he's going to have to hire Boudreaux so he says, "All right, question number 3. Same rules again, but this time represent the number 100."

Boudreaux stares into space again, then he shouts, "I got it!" He makes a little mark at the base of each tree and says, "Der ya go sir - 100."

The boss looks at Boudreaux's attempt and thinks, "Ha! got him this time." He then tells Boudreaux, "Go on, Boudreaux, you must be crazy if you think that represents a 100."

Boudreaux leans forward and points to the little marks at the tree bases and says, "A little dog comes along and craps by each tree, so now ya got dirty tree an' a turd, dirty tree an' a turd, and dirty tree an' a turd, which makes 100. When do I start my job?"A hurricane blew across the Caribbean. It didn't take long for the expensive yacht to be swamped by high waves, sinking without a trace. There were only two survivors: the boat's owner, Dr. Jones and the steward, Jack who managed to swim to the closest island.

After reaching the deserted strip of land, the steward was crying and very upset that they would never be found. Dr. Jones on the other hand was quite calm, relaxing against a tree.

"Dr. Jones, Dr. Jones, how can you be so calm?" cried Jack. "We're going to die on this lonely island. We'll never be discovered here."

"Sit down and listen to what I have to say, Jack." began the confident Dr. Jones.

"Five years ago, I gave the United Way $500,000 and another $500,000 to my church. I donated the same amounts four years ago. And, three years ago, I did very well in the stock market, so I contributed $750,000 to each. Last year, business was good, so the two charities each got a million dollars." stated Dr. Jones.

"So what?" shouted Jack.

"Well, it's time for their annual fundraising drives, and I know they're going to find me!" smiled Dr. Jones.10. She wants her own intern.
 9. She wants to complete her china and silver collection.
 8. Brother-in-law Roger needs another pardon.
 7. She wants to lease the Lincoln Bedroom to Marc Rich.
 6. She wants to rename Camp David to Camp Denise.
 5. She wants to pick up the rest of the furniture.
 4. She wants to return to public housing.
 3. She wants the top floor of the Trump Tower when she leaves.
 2. She misses her hairdresser.
 1. Bill needs a pardon.There once was a rich man who was near death. He was very grieved because he had worked so hard for his money and he wanted to be able to take it with him to heaven. So he began to pray that he might be able to take some of his wealth with him.

An angel hears his plea and appears to him. "Sorry, but you can't take your wealth with you." The man implores the angel to speak to God to see if He might bend the rules.

The man continues to pray that his wealth could follow him. The angel reappears and informs the man that God has decided to allow him to take one suitcase with him. Overjoyed, the man gathers his largest suitcase and fills it with pure gold bars and places it beside his bed.

Soon afterward the man dies and shows up at the Gates of Heaven to greet St. Peter. St. Peter seeing the suitcase says, "Hold on, you can't bring that in here!"

But, the man explains to St. Peter that he has permission and asks him to verify his story with the Lord. Sure enough, St. Peter checks and comes back saying, "You're right. You are allowed one carry-on bag, but I'm supposed to check its contents before letting it through."

St. Peter opens the suitcase to inspect the worldly items that the man found too precious to leave behind and exclaims, "You brought pavement?!!!"Why can't blondes put in lightbubs? 

Because they keep breaking them with hammers.1. The Wall Street Journal is read by the people who run the country.

2. The Washington Post is read by people who think they run the country.

3. The New York Times is read by people who think they should run the country, and who are very good at crosswords.

4. USA Today is read by people who think they ought to run the country but don't really understand the Washington Post. They do, however, like their statistics shown in pie charts.

5. The Los Angeles Times is read by people who wouldn't mind running the country, if they could spare the time, and if they didn't have to leave LA to do it.

6. The Boston Globe is read by people whose parents used to run the country and they did a far superior job of it, thank you very much.

7. The New York Daily News is read by people who aren't too sure who's running the country, and don't really care as long as they can get a seat on the train.

8. The New York Post is read by people who don't care who's running the country, as long as they do something really scandalous, preferably while intoxicated.?

9. The San Francisco Chronicle is read by people who aren't sure if there is a country or that anyone is running it; but whoever it is, they oppose all that they stand for. There are occasional exceptions if the leaders are handicapped minority feminist atheist dwarfs, who also happen to be illegal aliens from ANY country or galaxy as long as they are Democrats.

10. The Miami Herald is read by people who are running another country but need the baseball scores.

11. The National Enquirer is read by people trapped in line at the grocery store.A man comes into the ER and yells, "My wife's going to have her baby in the cab!" I grabbed my stuff, rushed out to the cab, lifted the lady's dress, and began to take off her underwear. Suddenly I noticed that there were several cabs, and I was in the wrong one.
**
At the beginning of my shift I placed a stethoscope on an elderly and slightly deaf female patient's anterior chest wall. "Big breaths," I instructed. "Yes, they used to be," remorsed the patient.
**
I was performing a complete physical, including the visual acuity test. I placed the patient twenty feet from the chart and began, "Cover your right eye with your hand." He read the 20/20 line perfectly. "Now your left." Again, a flawless read. "Now both," I requested. There was silence. He couldn't even read the large E on the top line. I turned and discovered that he had done exactly what I had asked; he was standing there with both his eyes covered. I was laughing too hard to finish the exam.
**
During a patient's two week follow-up appointment with his cardiologist, he informed his doctor that he was having trouble with one of his medications. "Which one?" asked the doctor. "The patch. The nurse told me to put on a new one every six hours and now I'm running out of places to put it!" The doctor had him quickly undress and discovered what he hoped he wouldn't see... Yes, the man had over fifty patches on his body! Now the instructions include removal of the old patch before applying a new one.
**
While acquainting myself with a new elderly patient, I asked, "How long have you been bedridden?" After a look of complete confusion she answered.... ...."Why, not for about twenty years - when my husband was alive."
**
I was caring for a woman from Kentucky and asked, "So how's your breakfast this morning?" "It's very good, except for the Kentucky Jelly. I can't seem to get used to the taste," the patient replied. I then asked to see the jelly and the woman produced a foil packet labeled "KY Jelly."A fellow was talking to his buddy, and he said, "I don't know what to get my wife for her birthday. She has everything, and besides, she can afford to buy anything she wants, so I'm stumped."

His buddy said, "I have an idea. Why don't you make up a certificate saying she can have 60 minutes of great sex, any way that she wants it. She'll probably be thrilled."

So the fellow did.

The next day his buddy asked, "Well? Did you take my suggestion?"

"Yes, I did," said the fellow.

"...And did she like it?" His buddy asked.

"Oh yes! She jumped up, thanked me, kissed me on the forehead and ran out the door yelling, 'I'll be back in an hour!' She should be back any time now..."What do you call a handcuffed man?
Trustworthy.

What does it mean when a man is in your bed gasping for breath and calling your name?
You didn't hold the pillow down long enough.

Why do only 10% of men make it to heaven?
Because if they all went, it would be Hell.

Why do men like smart women?
Opposites attract.

How are husbands like lawn mowers?
They're hard to get started, they emit noxious odors, and half the time they don't work.

How do men define a "50/50" relationship?
We cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.

How do men exercise on the beach?
By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini.

How do you get a man to stop biting his nails?
Make him wear shoes.

How does a man show he's planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.

How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
ONE .........He just holds it up there and waits for the world to revolve around him.

What did God say after creating man?
I can do so much better.

What's a man's idea of honesty in a relationship?
Telling you his real name.

What's the best way to force a man to do sit ups?
Put the remote control between his toes.

What's the smartest thing a man can say?
"My wife says..."

Why are all dumb blonde jokes one liners?
So men can understand them.

Why did God create man before woman?
Because you're always supposed to have a rough draft before creating your masterpiece.

Why do female black widow spiders kill the males after mating?
To stop the snoring before it starts.

Why do jocks play on artificial turf?
To keep them from grazing.

Why do men need instant replay on TV sports?
Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.

Why does it take 100 million sperm to fertilize one egg?
Because not one will stop and ask for directions.

Why is psychoanalysis a lot quicker for men than for women?
When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already there.Why don't women blink during foreplay?

They don't have time.What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?

A widow.Remember this story when they start getting frustrated:

My three year old son had a lot of problems with potty training; and I was on him constantly.

One day we stopped at Taco Bell for a quick lunch in between errands. It was very busy, with a full dining room. While enjoying my taco, I smelled something funny, so of course I checked my seven-month-old daughter, and she was clean. Then I realized that Matt had not asked to go potty in a while, so I asked him, and he said "No."

I kept thinking, "Oh Lord, that child has had an accident and I didn't have any clothes with me." Then I said, "Matt, are you sure you did not have an accident?" "No," he replied. I just knew that he must have had, cause the smell was getting worse. So.........I asked one more time, "Matt, did you have an accident?"

This time, with a little smirk on his face, he jumped up, yanked down his pants, bent over and spread his cheeks and yelled......... "SEE MOM, IT'S JUST FARTS!"

While 100 people nearly choked to death on their tacos, he calmly pulled up his pants and sat down to eat his food as if nothing happened.

I was mortified......... but some kind elderly people made me feel a lot better, when they came over and thanked me for the best laugh they had ever had!!!AT LAST SOMEONE SUMMED IT UP...

The nice men are ugly.
The handsome men are not nice.
The handsome and nice men are gay.
The handsome, nice and heterosexual men are married.
The men who are not so handsome but are nice men have no money.
The men which are not so handsome but are nice men with money think we are only after their money.
The handsome men without money are after our money.
The handsome men, who are not so nice and somewhat heterosexual, don't think we are beautiful enough.
The men who think we are beautiful, that are heterosexual, somewhat nice and have money are cowards.
The men who are somewhat handsome, somewhat nice and have some money and are heterosexual are shy and NEVER MAKE THE FIRST MOVE!!!!!
The men who never make the first move, automatically lose interest in us when we take the initiative.

NOW... WHO UNDERSTANDS MEN?Murphy was staggering home with a pint of booze in his back pocket when he slipped and fell heavily. Struggling to his feet, he felt something wet running down his leg. 

"Please Lord," he implored, "let it be blood!"If love is blind is then why is lingerie so popular?What do you call 100 lawyers jumping out of an airplane?

SkeetMcQuillan walked into a bar and ordered martini after martini, each time removing the olive and placing it in a jar. When the jar was filled with olives and all the drinks consumed, the Irishman started to leave. 

"S'cuse me," said a customer, who was puzzled over what McQuillan had done, "what was that all about?" 

"Nothin'," said the Irishman. "My wife just sent me out for a jar of olives!"An Irish priest is driving down to New York and gets stopped for speeding in Connecticut. The state trooper smells alcohol on the priest's breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car. 

He says, "Sir, have you been drinking?" 

"Just water," says the priest. 

The trooper says, "Then why do I smell wine?" 

The priest looks at the bottle and says, "Good Lord! He's done it again!"The man told his doctor that he just wasn't able to do all the things around the house that he used to do.  When the examination was complete, he said, "Now, Doc, I can take it.  Tell me in plain English...  What's wrong with me?"

"Well, in plain English," the doctor replied, "you're simply a lazy old fart."

"Thank you for your candor," said the man. "Now give me the medical term, so I have something to tell my wife!"Two married buddies are out drinking one night when one turns to the other and says, "You know, I don't know what else to do. Whenever I go home after we've been out drinking, I turn the headlights off before I get to the driveway.

"I shut off the engine and coast into the garage. I take my shoes off before I go into the house, I sneak up the stairs, I get undressed in the bathroom. I ease into bed and my wife STILL wakes up and yells at me for staying out so late!"

His buddy looks at him and says, "Well, you're obviously taking the wrong approach. I screech into the driveway, slam the door, storm up the steps, throw my shoes into the closet, jump into bed, slap her on the butt and say, 'You as horny as I am?'  She always acts like she's sound asleep!"A mystery-lover takes his place in the theater for opening night, but his seat is way back in the theater, far from the stage. The man calls an usher over and whispers, "I just love a good mystery, and I have been anxiously anticipating the opening of this play. However, in order to carefully follow the clues and fully enjoy the play, I have to watch a mystery close up. Look how far away I am! If you can get me a better seat, I'll give you a handsome tip."

The usher nods and says he will be back shortly. Looking forward to a large tip, the usher speaks with his co-workers in the box office, hoping to find some closer tickets. With just three minutes left until curtain, he finds an unused ticket at the will call window and snatches it up. Returning to the man in the back of the theater, he whispers, "Follow me."

The usher leads the man down to the second row, and proudly points out the empty seat right in the middle.

"Thanks so much." says the theatergoer, "This seat is perfect." He then hands the usher a quarter for a tip.

The usher looks down at the quarter, leans over and whispers, "The butler did it in the parlor with the candlestick."According to the Knight-Rider News Service, the inscription on the metal bands used by the U.S. Department of the Interior to tag migratory birds has been changed. The bands used to bear the address of the Washington Biological Survey, abbreviated: "Wash. Biol. Surv." until the agency received the following letter from an Arkansas camper:

"Dear Sirs:  While camping last week I shot one of your birds. I think it was a crow. I followed the cooking instructions on the leg tag and I want to tell you it was horrible."

The bands are now marked Fish and Wildlife Service.When a teenage girl smiles at a boy, he tries to decide what makes him so sexy.

When a young lady smiles at a man in his fifties, he turns around to see who's the handsome dude behind him.

But when a female of any age smiles at a man of 80, he looks down to see if he's unzippedAn avid duck hunter was in the market for a new bird dog. His search ended when he found a dog that could actually walk on water to retrieve a duck. Shocked by his find, he was sure none of his friends would ever believe him.

He decided to try to break the news to a friend of his, a pessimist by nature, and invited him to hunt with him and his new dog.

As they waited by the shore, a flock of ducks flew by. they fired, and a duck fell. The dog responded and jumped into the water. The dog, however, did not sink but instead walked across the water to retrieve the bird, never getting more than his paws wet.

The friend saw everything but did not say a single word.

On the drive home the hunter asked his friend, "Did you notice anything unusual about my new dog?"

"I sure did," responded his friend. "He can't swim."The Indians asked their Chief in autumn, "Chief, is this coming winter going to be mild or cold?"

Not really knowing an answer, and knowing it was better to err on the side of caution, the chief replied, "It is uncertain at this time, but we should begin to prepare just in case. Collect wood as if it is going to be cold, and I'll see what more I can learn."

Being a good leader, he then went to the phone and called the National Weather Service and asked, "Is this winter going to be mild or cold?"

The man on the phone responded, "This winter was going to be quite cold indeed."

So the Chief went back to speed up his people to collect even more wood to be prepared. A week later, he again called the National Weather Service again, "Is it going to be a cold winter?"

"Yes," the man replied, "it's going to be an extremely cold winter. The Indians are collecting all the wood they can find!"A father knelt with his son to hear his prayers. The three-year-old boy began in all seriousness: "Our Father who Art in Heaven, how do You know my name?"And another four-year-old prayed: "And forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."Pilot: "Pilot to tower. I am 300 miles from land. 600 feet over water and running out of fuel. Please instruct!"

Tower: "Tower to pilot. Tower to pilot. Repeat after me, 'Our Father, who art in heaven...'"A guy goes into the store and asks the clerk, "I'd like some Polish sausage."

The clerk looks at him and says, "Are you Polish?"

The guy, clearly offended, says, "Well, yes I am. But let me ask you: if I had asked for Italian sausage would you ask me if I was Italian? Or if I had asked for German sausage, would you ask me if I was German? Or if I had asked for a taco would you ask if I was Mexican? Huh? Would ya??"

The clerk says "Well, no..."

With deep self righteous indignation, the guy says, "Well, alright then, why the HELL did you ask me if I'm Polish just because I ask for Polish sausage?"

The clerk says "Because this is a hardware store."Take any word from the dictionary, alter it by adding, subtracting or changing one letter, and supply a  new definition.  Here are some winners:

Sarchasm: The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the reader who doesn't get it.

Giraffiti: Vandalism spray-painted very high.

Foreploy: Any misrepresentation about yourself for the purpose of obtaining sex.

Osteopornosis: A degenerate disease.

Karmageddon: It's like, when everybody is sending off all these really bad vibes, right?  And then, like, the Earth explodes and it's, like, a serious bummer.

Glibido: All talk and no action.

Dopeler Effect: The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.

Intaxication: Euphoria at getting a refund from the IRS, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with.A little girl asked her father, "Daddy? Do all fairy tales begin with 'Once Upon A Time'?"

He replied, "No, there is a whole series of fairy tales that begin with 'If elected, I promise'."A man joined the priesthood. The order he joined could not speak for seven years; and then they could only say two words.

The first seven years passed and they went into a small room. His two words were "too cold".

The next seven years passed and they took him back into the small room and his two words were "bad food".

The next seven years passed they took him back into the small room and his two words were "I quit".

"Good," they said, "all you have done is complain."What's the difference between a northern fairy tale and a southern fairy tale?

A northern fairy tale begins with, "Once upon a time..."

A southern fairy tale begins, "'Y'all ain't gonna believe this..."This blonde was driving down an old country road when she spots another blonde in a wheat field rowing a boat. She pulls over to the side of the road and stops the car. Staring in disbelief she stands at the side of the road to watch the woman for a while. When she could not stand it any more she called out to the blonde in the field. "Why are you rowing a boat in the middle of the field?" 

The blonde in the field stops rowing and responds, "Because it is an ocean of wheat." 

The blonde standing on the side of the road is furious. She yells at the blonde in the field. "It is dumb blondes like you that give the rest of us a bad name." 

The blonde in the field just shrugged her shoulders and began rowing again. 

The blonde on the side of the road was beside herself and shook her fist at blonde in the field yelling, "If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your tail!"Two priests were going to Hawaii on vacation and decided that they would make this a real vacation by not wearing anything that would identify them as clergy. As soon as the plane landed, they headed for a store and bought some really outrageous shorts and shirts, sandals, sunglasses, etc.

The next morning, the two priests went to the beach, dressed in their "tourist" garb and were sitting on beach chairs, enjoying a drink, the sunshine and the scenery when a "drop dead" gorgeous blonde in a tiny bikini came walking straight toward them.  They couldn't help but stare but when she passed them she turned to them, smiled and said, "Good morning, Father; good morning, Father," nodding and addressing each of them individually, then passed on by. They were both stunned - how in the world did she recognize them as priests?

The next day, the two priests went back to the store, bought even more outrageous outfits - these were so loud, you could hear them before you even saw them, and again they settled on the beach in their chairs to enjoy the sunshine.

After a while, the same gorgeous blonde, wearing a string bikini this time, came walking toward them again. Again, she approached them and greeted them individually:  "Good morning, Father; good morning, Father," and started to walk away.  One of the priests couldn't stand it and said, "Just a minute young lady. Yes, we are priests, and proud of it, but I have to know; how in the world did YOU know?"

"Oh, Father, don't you recognize me?  I'm Sister Kathryn!"St. Peter greets him at the Pearly Gates and says, "Well, Forest, it's certainly good to see you. We have heard so many good things about you.  I must inform you that the place is filling up fast, and we've been giving an entrance quiz for everyone. The tests are short, but you need to pass before you can get into Heaven."

Forest responds, "It sure is good to be here, St Peter. I was looking forward to this. But nobody ever told me about any entrance exam. Sure hope the test ain't too hard. Life was a big enough test as it was.
 
St. Peter goes on, "I know, Forest, but the test has only three questions:
 1)What days of the week begin with the letter T?
 2)How many seconds are there in a year?
 3)What is God's first name?"

Forest goes away to think the questions over. He returns the next day and goes up to St. Peter to try to answer the exam questions. St. Peter waves him up and says, "Now that you have had a chance to think the questions over, tell me your answers."

Forest says, "Well, the first one, how many days of the week begin with the letter 'T?' Shucks, that one's easy. That'd be Today and Tomorrow."

The Saint's eyes open wide and he exclaims, "Forest! That's not what I was thinking, but... you do have a point though and guess I didn't specify, so I will give you credit for that answer. How about the next one: "How many seconds in a year?""

"Now that one's harder" says Forest, "but I thought and thought about that and I guess the only answer can be twelve."

Astounded, St. Peter says, "Twelve? Twelve! Forest, how in Heaven's name could you come up with twelve seconds in a year?"

Forest says, "Aw, come on, St. Peter, there's gotta be twelve: January second, February second, March second..."

"Hold it!" interrupts St. Peter, "I see where you're going with it. I guess I see your point, though that wasn't quite what I had in mind, but I'll give you credit for that one too."

"Let's go on with the next and final question. Can you tell me God's first name?"

Forest replies, "Andy."
 
St. Peter then asks how in the world he came up with the name Andy.

Forest replies, "You know, St. Peter, that song we sing in Sunday School: "Andy walks with me, Andy talks with me, Andy tells me I am His own...."- When Cupid shoots his arrow, I hope he Mrs. you. 

-If I were a head of lettuce, I'd cut myself in two. I'd give a leaf to everyone, but save the heart for you. 

-Can't write, too dumb; inspiration won't come. Bad ink, no pen; that's all, amen. 

-My love for you will never fail...as long as a pig has a curly tail. 

-I eat my peas with honey. I've done it all my life. It makes my peas taste funny, but it keeps them on my knife. 

-My love for you shall always shine, like bedbugs dipped in turpentine. 

-Twinkle, twinkle, little star, powder puff and cold cream jar; Toni wave and lipstick too, will make a beauty out of you. 

-I hope you sit on the tack of success and rise rapidly.How are men and parking spots alike?

Good ones are always taken. Free ones are mostly handicapped or extremely short.TOP 10 SLOGANS BEING CONSIDERED BY VIAGRA

 10. Viagra, It's "Whaazzzzz Up!"
 9. Viagra, The quicker pecker upper
 8. Viagra, Like a rock!
 7. Viagra, When it absolutely, positively has to be there tonight.
 6. Viagra, Be all that you can be.
 5. Viagra, Reach out and touch someone.
 4. Viagra, Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman!
 3. Viagra, Tastes great!......... More filling!
 2. Viagra, We bring good things to life!

 And the number one slogan, being considered by Viagra:
 1. This is your penis.........This is your penis on drugs.The angry preacher...

The preacher rose with a red face. "Someone in this congregation has spread a rumor that I belong to the K.K.K. This is a horrible lie, and one which a Christian community cannot tolerate. I am embarrassed and do not intend to accept this. Now I want the party who did this to stand and ask forgiveness from God and this Christian family!"

No one moved.

The preacher continued, "Do you not have the nerve to face me and admit this is a falsehood. Remember, you will be forgiven and in our heart you will feel glory. Now stand and confess your transgression!"

Again all was quiet.

Slowly a drop dead gorgeous blonde with a body that would not stop rose from the third pew. Her head was bowed and her voice quivered as she spoke.

"Reverend, there has been a terrible misunderstanding.
I never said you were a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
I told a couple of friends you were a wizard under the sheets."The Tearful Bride...

A new young blonde bride calls her mother in tears.
She sobs, "Robert doesn't appreciate what I do for him."

"Now, now," her mother comforted, "I am sure it was all just a misunderstanding."

"No, mother," you don't understand.
"I bought a frozen turkey roll and he yelled and screamed at me about the price!"

"Well, the nerve of that lousy cheapskate!" says her mom.
"Those turkey rolls are only a few dollars."

"No, mother it wasn't the price of the turkey, it was the airplane ticket."
"Airplane ticket.... What did you need an airplane ticket for?"

"Well mother, when I went to fix it, I looked at the directions on the package and it said -
'Prepare from a frozen state,' so I flew to Alaska!"The phone call...

A married couple were asleep when the phone rang at 2 in the morning.

The wife (a blonde), picked up the phone, listened a moment and said, "How should I know, that's 200 miles from here!" and hung up.

Curious, the husband said, "Who was that?"

And his lovely wife replies, "I don't have any idea who it was. It was some stupid woman wanting to know "if the coast is clear."A blonde came home from her first day commuting into the city. 
Her mother noticed she was looking a little peaked and asked, "Honey, are you feeling all right?"

"Not really," the blonde replied. "I'm nauseous from sitting backward on the train."

"Poor dear," Mom said. "Why didn't you ask the person sitting across from you to switch seats for a while?"

"I couldn't," she replied, "there was no one there."An overweight blonde consulted her doctor for advice.
The doctor advised that she run 10 miles a day for 30 days.
This, he promised, would help her lose as much as twenty pounds.

The blonde follows the doctor's advice, and, after thirty days, she was pleased to find that she'd indeed lost twenty pounds.

She phoned the doctor and thanked him for the wonderful advice which produced such effective results. At the end of the conversation, however, she asked one last question:

"How do I get home, since I am now 300 miles away?"A blonde was visiting Washington, DC for the first time. She wanted to see the Capitol building. Unfortunately, she couldn't find it, so she asked a police officer for directions -
"Excuse me, officer, how do I get to the Capitol building?"

The officer replied, "Wait here at this bus stop for the number 54 bus. It'll take you right there." She thanked the officer and he drives off.

Three hours later the police officer returned to the same area and,
sure enough, the blonde is still waiting at the same bus stop.

The officer got out of his car and said, "Excuse me, but to get to the Capitol building, I said to wait here for the number 54 bus and that was three hours ago! Why are you still waiting?"

The blonde replied, "Don't worry, officer, it won't be long now...
The 45th bus just went by!"A noted psychiatrist was a guest at a blonde gathering, and his hostess naturally broached the subject in which the doctor was most at ease.

"Would you mind telling me, Doctor," she asked, "how you detect a mental deficiency in somebody who appears completely normal?"

"That's easy," he replied. "You ask them a simple question which everyone should be able to answer with no trouble. If they hesitate, that puts you on the right track."

"What sort of question would you ask Doctor?"

"Well, you might ask them..."
"Captain Cook made three trips around the world and died during one of them.
Which one?"

The blonde thought a moment, then said with a nervous laugh -
"You wouldn't happen to have another example would you?"
"I must confess I don't know much about history."Two blondes are waiting at a bus stop.
When a bus pulls up and opens the door, one of the blondes leans inside and asks the bus driver: "Will this bus take me to 5th Avenue?"

The bus driver shakes his head and says, "No, I'm sorry."

Hearing this, the other blonde leans inside, smiles, and twitters:
"Will it take ME?"The following sign was posted at a fast food restaurant owned by two blondes:
"Parking for drive-through customers only!"A blonde kept having the same weird dream everyday, so she went to her doctor.

Doctor: What was your dream about?
Blonde: I was being chase by a vampire!

Doctor: (giggles quitely) So... what was the scenery like?
Blonde: I was running in a hall way.

Doctor: Then what happened?

Blonde: Well that's the weird thing. In every single dream, the same thing happened. I always came to this door, but I couldn't open it. I kept pushing the door and pushing the door, but it wouldn't budge!

Doctor: Did the door have any letters on it?
Blonde: Yes it did.

Doctor: And what did these letter spell?
Blonde: It said "Pull"1. Never take a beer to a job interview.
2. Always identify people in your yard before shooting at them.
3. It's considered tacky to take a cooler to church.
4. If you have to vacuum the bed, it is time to change the sheets.
5. Even if you're certain that you are included in the will, it is still rude to drive the U-Haul to the funeral home.

ENTERTAINING IN YOUR HOME
1. A centerpiece for the table should never be anything prepared by a taxidermist.
2. Do not allow the dog to eat at the table, no matter how good his manners.

PERSONAL HYGIENE
1. While ears need to be cleaned regularly, this is a job that should be done in private using one's OWN truck keys.
2. Even if you live alone, deodorant is not a waste of good money.
3. Use of proper toiletries can only delay bathing for a few days.
4. Dirt and grease under the fingernails is a social no-no, as they tend to detract from a woman's jewelry and alter the taste of finger foods.

DATING (Outside the Family)
1. Always offer to bait your date's hook, especially on the first date.
2. Be assertive. Let her know you're interested: "I've been wanting to go out with you since I read that stuff on the bathroom wall two years ago."
3. Establish with her parents what time she is expected. Some will say 10:00 pm. Others might say "Monday"; if the latter is the answer, it is the man's responsibility to get her to school on time.

THEATER ETIQUETTE
1. Crying babies should be taken to the lobby and picked up immediately after the movie has ended.
2. Refrain from talking to characters on the screen. Tests have proven they can't hear you.

WEDDINGS
1. Livestock, usually, is a poor choice for a wedding gift.
2. In the reception line, kissing the bride for more than 3 seconds may get you shot.
3. For the groom, at least, rent a tux. A leisure suit with a cummerbund and a clean bowling shirt can create a tacky appearance.

DRIVING ETIQUETTE
1. Dim your headlights for approaching vehicles, even if the gun is loaded and the deer is in your sights.
2. When approaching a four-way stop, the vehicle with the largest tires does not always have the right of way.
3. Never tow another car using panty hose and duct tape.
4. When sending your wife down the road with a gas can, it is impolite to ask her to bring back beer too.
5. Do not lay rubber while traveling in a funeral procession.Sam and a beautiful woman walk into a very posh Beverly Hills furrier. "Show the lady your finest mink!" the fellow exclaims. So the owner of the shop goes in back and comes out with an absolutely gorgeous full-length coat.

As the lady tries it on, the furrier discreetly whispers to the man, "Ah, sir, that particular fur goes for $65,000." "No problem! I'll write you a check!" "Very good, sir," says the shop owner. "Today is Saturday. You may come by on Monday to pick it up, after your check has cleared."

So Sam and the woman leave. On Monday, the Morris returns. The store owner is outraged: "How dare you show your face in here? There wasn't a single penny in your checking account!"

"I just had to come by," grinned Sam, "to thank you for the most wonderful weekend of my life!"Top Ten signs your co-worker is a computer hacker

10. You ticked him off once and your next phone bill was for $20,000.
9. He's won the Publisher's Clearing House sweepstakes 3 years running.
8. When asked for his phone number, he gives it in hex.
7. Seems strangely calm whenever the office computer network goes down.
6. Somehow gets HBO on his PC at work.
5. Mumbled, "Oh, puh-leeez" 95 times during the movie "The Net."
4. Massive 401k contribution made in half-cent increments.
3. His video dating profile lists "public-key encryption" among hobbies.
2. When his computer starts up, you hear, "Good Morning, Mr. President."
1. You hear him murmur, "Let's see you use that Visa card now, Professor I-Don't-Give-A's-In-Computer-Science!"A priest was asked to dinner by one of his parishioners. When he sat down at the table, he noticed that the dishes were the dirtiest that he had ever seen in his life. "Were these dishes ever washed?" he asked his hostess, running his fingers over the grit and grime.

She replied, "They're as clean as Soap and Water could get them."

He felt a bit apprehensive, but blessed the food anyway and started eating. The meal was really delicious and he said so, despite the dirty dishes.

When dinner was over, the hostess took the dishes outside and called, "Here Soap! Here Water!"The zoology teacher asked a small boy to make a sentence using the word "possum."

He answered, "Maw got horny and gave possum."Remember, old folks are worth a fortune; they have silver in their hair, gold in their teeth, stones in their kidneys, lead in their feet, and gas in their stomachs.

You're getting old when you don't care where your wife goes, just so long as you don't have to go along too.

You're getting old when you wake up with that morning-after feeling, and you didn't do anything the night before.Yesterday, I heard from a drug rep for Glaxo who told me that they are on the verge of launching a new herbal remedy that they think will take the market by storm. This drug sounds so promising that I want to suggest to my friends that they consider buying stock in the company.

The drug is called Gingko Viagra, and its function is to help you remember what the fuck you are doing.When Jane initially met Tarzan in the jungle, she was very very attracted to him, and during her questions about his life she asked him how he managed for sex.

"Tarzan not know sex," he replied.

Jane explained to him what sex was.

Tarzan said, "Oh, Tarzan use soft hole in tree trunk."

Horrified, she said, "Tarzan, you have it all wrong, but I will show you how to do it properly." She took off her clothes, laid down on the ground and spread her legs wide. "Here," she said, "you must put it in here."

Tarzan removed his loincloth, stepped closer to get a better look, got an enormous erection and gave her an almighty kick in the crotch.

Jane rolled around in agony. Eventually she managed to gasp, "What did you do that for?"

Tarzan replied, "Tarzan always check for squirrels!"There once was a man from Hybernia,
Who Rhymed himself into a hernia.
He became adept
At this practice except
For occasional anti-climaxes.What is a plant's favorite school year?

KinderGARDEN!!!What did the lunch lady say to the boiled egg?

You're in hot water now!!!Teacher: "Why does an elephant have a trunk?"

Student: "Because it doesn't have a glove compartment!"A woman sends her clothing out to the Chinese laundry. When it comes back, there are still stains in her panties.

The next week she encloses a note to the Chinese laundryman that says, "Use more soap on panties."

This goes on for several weeks, the woman sending the same note to the laundry. "Use more soap on panties."

Finally, fed up, the Chinese man responded with his own note that said, "Use more paper on ass."A young man hired by a supermarket reported for his first day of work.  The manager greeted him with a warm handshake and a smile, gave him a broom and said, "Your first job will be to sweep the entire store."

"But I'm a college graduate," the young man replied indignantly.

"Oh, I'm sorry.  I didn't know that," said the manager.  "Here, give me the broom. Let me show you how."Q: Should I have a baby after 35?
A: No, generally 35 children are enough.

Q: I'm two months pregnant now. When will my baby move?
A: With any luck, right after he finishes college.

Q: How will I know if my vomiting is morning sickness or the flu?
A: If it's the flu, you'll get better.

Q: What is the most common pregnancy craving?
A: For men to be the ones who get pregnant.

Q: What is the most reliable method to determine a baby's sex?
A: Childbirth.

Q: The more pregnant I get, the more often strangers smile at me. Why?
A: 'Cause you're fatter than they are.

Q: My wife is five months pregnant and so moody that sometimes she's borderline irrational.
A: So what's your question?

Q: What's the difference between a nine-month pregnant woman and a model?
A: Nothing (if the pregnant woman's husband knows what's good for him).

Q: How long is the average woman in labor?
A: Whatever she says divided by two.

Q: My childbirth instructor says it's not pain I'll feel during labor, but pressure. Is she right?
A: Yes, in the same way that a tornado might be called an air current.

Q: When is the best time to get an epidermal?
A: Right after you find out you're pregnant.

Q: Is there any reason I have to be in the delivery room while my wife is in labor?
A: Not unless the word "alimony" means anything to you.

Q: Is there anything I should avoid while recovering from childbirth?
A: Yes, pregnancy.

Q: Does pregnancy cause hemorrhoids?
A: Pregnancy causes anything you want to blame it for.

Q: What does it mean when a baby is born with teeth?
A: It means that the baby's mother may want to rethink her plans to nurse.

Q: What is the best time to wean the baby from nursing?
A: When you see teeth marks.

Q: Do I have to have a baby shower?
A: Not if you change the baby's diaper very quickly.

Q: Our baby was born last week. When will my wife begin to feel and act normal again?
A: When the kids are in college.So there's this Wizard who worked in a factory. Everything was satisfactory except that certain miscreants, taking advantage of his good nature, would steal his parking spot.

This continued until he put up the following sign: 

"This parking space belongs to the Wizard. ... Violators will be toad."A woman and her husband interrupted their vacation to go to the dentist. "I want a tooth pulled, and I don't want any pain killers because I'm in a big hurry," the woman said. "Just extract the tooth as quickly as possible, and we'll be on our way."

The dentist was quite impressed. "You're certainly a courageous woman," he said. "Which tooth is it?" 

The woman turned to her husband and said, "Show him your tooth, dear."for all of you with any money left .........

In the wake of the Exxon/Mobile deal and the AOL/Time Warner implode, be aware of the next expected mergers so that you can get in on the ground floor and make some BIG bucks. Watch for these consolidations in 2004:

1. Hale Business Systems, Mary Kay Cosmetics, Fuller Brush, and W. R. Grace Co. will merge and become: Hale, Mary, Fuller, Grace.

2. Polygram Records, Warner Bros., and Zesta Crackers join forces and become: Poly, Warner Cracker.

3. 3M will merge with Goodyear and issue forth as: MMMGood.

4. Zippo Manufacturing, Audi Motors, Dofasco, and Dakota Mining will merge and become: ZipAudiDoDa.

5. FedEx is expected to join its major competitor, UPS, and become: FedUP.

6. Fairchild Electronics and Honeywell Computers will become: Fairwell Honeychild.

7. Grey Poupon and Docker Pants are expected to become: Poupon Pants.

8. Knotts Berry Farm and the National Organization of Women will become: Knott NOW!

That's all for now.....invest wisely!Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa.

Hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.

How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.

What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall? "Dam."

What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.

What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand? Quatro sinko.

What is a zebra? 26 sizes larger than an "A" bra.

Where do you find a no legged dog? Right where you left him.

Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly, fast sheep.For sale: a quilted high chair that can be made into a table, potty chair, rocking horse, refrigerator, spring coat, size 8 and fur collar.

Dinner Special -- Turkey $2.35; Chicken or Beef $2.25; Children $2.00.

Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children.

We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand.

For Rent: 6-room hated apartment.

Auto Repair Service. Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once, and you'll never go anywhere again.

Illiterate? Write today for free help.

Great Dames for sale.

Mt. Kilimanjaro, the breathtaking backdrop for the Serena Lodge. Swim in the lovely pool while you drink it all in.

Get rid of aunts: Zap does the job in 24 hours.

Stock up and save. Limit: one.

Save regularly in our bank. You'll never reget it.

For Sale--Diamonds $20; microscopes $15.

Used Cars: Why go elsewhere to be cheated? Come here first!

Wanted. Man to take care of cow that does not smoke or drink.

3-year-old teacher needed for pre-school. Experience preferred.

Our experienced Mom will care for your child. Fenced yard, meals, and smacks included.

Wanted: Preparer of food. Must be dependable, like the food business, and be willing to get hands dirty.

Mother's helper--peasant working conditions.

Semi-Annual after-Christmas Sale.

And now, the Superstore--unequaled in size, unmatched in variety, unrivaled inconvenience.

We will oil your sewing machine and adjust tension in your home for $1.00.A mother, accompanied by her small daughter, was in New York City.
The mother was trying to hail a cab, when her daughter noticed several wildly dressed women who were loitering on a nearby street corner.

The mother finally hailed her cab and they both climbed in, at which point the young daughter asks her mother, "Mommy, what are all those ladies waiting for by that corner?"

The mother replies, "Those ladies are waiting for their husbands to come by and pick them up on the way home from work."

The cabby, upon hearing this exchange, turns to the mother and says, "Ah, C'mon lady! Tell your daughter the truth! For crying out loud... They're hookers!"

A brief period of silence follows, and the daughter then asks, "Mommy, do the hooker ladies have any children?"

The mother replies, "Of course, Dear. Where do you think cabbies come from?"A mother and a daughter are shopping in the mall, when the mother eyes an expensive fur coat.  "This year," she says, "I think that I will buy my present instead of making you and dad shop for me." The daughter protests, "But mom, some helpless, poor creature has to suffer so that you can have this."

"Don't worry honey," says the mother, "your father won't get the bill for a couple of weeks."It was Joe the Mailman's last day on the job after 35 years of carrying the mail through all kinds of weather to the same neighborhood.

When he arrived at the first house on his route, he was greeted by the whole family there, who roundly and soundly congratulated him and sent him his way with a tidy gift envelope.

At the second house they presented him with a box of fine cigars.

The folks at the third house handed him a selection of terrific fishing lures.

At the fourth house he was met at the door by a strikingly beautiful woman in a revealing negligee. She took him by the hand, gently led him through the door (which she closed behind him), and led him up the stairs to the bedroom where she blew his mind with the most passionate sex he had ever experienced. When they had enough, they went downstairs, where she fixed him a giant breakfast: eggs, potatoes, ham, sausage, blueberry waffles, and fresh-squeezed orange juice.

When he was truly satisfied she poured him a cup of steaming coffee.

As she was pouring, he noticed a dollar bill sticking out from under the cup's bottom edge.

"All this was just too wonderful for words," he said,  "but what's the dollar for?"

"Well," she said, "last night, I told my husband that today would be your last day, and that we should do something for you. I asked him what to give you. He said, "Screw him. Give him a dollar."

"The breakfast was my idea!"FREE PUPPIES: 1/2 COCKER SPANIEL - 1/2 SNEAKY NEIGHBOR'S DOG

1 MAN, 7 WOMAN HOT TUB -- $850/offer

2 WIRE MESH BUTCHERING GLOVES: 1 5-finger, 1 3-finger, PAIR: $15

TICKLE ME ELMO, STILL IN BOX, COMES WITH ITS OWN 1993 MUSTANG, 5L, AUTO, EXCELLENT CONDITION $6800

COWS, NEVER BRED...  ALSO 1 GAY BULL FOR SALE.

83 TOYOTA HUNCHBACK -- $2000

GERMAN SHEPHERD 85 lbs.  NEUTERED.  SPEAKS GERMAN.  FREE.

FREE 1 CAN OF PORK & BEANS WITH PURCHASE OF 3 BR 2 BATH HOME.

FOR SALE:  LEE MAJORS (6 MILLION DOLLAR MAN) - $50

NORDIC TRACK $300 HARDLY USED *************CALL CHUBBIE

NICE PARACHUTE:  NEVER OPENED - USED ONCE SLIGHTLY STAINEDA man had been driving all night and by morning was still far from his destination. He decided to stop at the next city he came to and park somewhere quiet so he could get an hour or two of sleep. As luck would have it, the quiet street he chose happened to be one of the city's most popular jogging routes. No sooner had he settled back to snooze when there came a knocking on his window. He looked out and saw a jogger running in place.

"Yes?"

"Excuse me, sir," the jogger said, "do you have the time?" The man looked at the car clock and answered, "7:15." The jogger said thanks and left. The man settled back again, and was just dozing off when there was another knock on the window and another jogger.

"Excuse me, sir, do you have the time?"

"7:25!"

The jogger said thanks and left. Now the man could see other joggers passing by and he knew it was only a matter of time before another one disturbed him. To avoid the problem, he got out a pen and paper and put a sign in his window saying, "I do not know the time!" Once again he settled back to sleep. He was just dozing off when there was another knock on the window.

"Sir, sir? It's 7:45!"A local church built a new sanctuary. They moved their very fine old pipe organ from to the new sanctuary. It was an intricate task that was completed successfully.

The local news heralded, . . .

"St. Paul Completes Organ Transplant."Joe and Frank were in the office, and noticed that someone had put up a suggestion box with some 3x5 cards next to it. Both decided that this was a great idea, and each took a card to fill out.
 
Joe wrote, "The office workers should all be given raises!"
 
When he looked at Frank's card, it said "Can we all have raises, and keys to the executive washroom, and personal secretaries, and new company cars, and new coffee cups, and longer lunch breaks, and an extra three weeks vacation each year, and a holiday on St. Patrick's Day, and Columbus Day and Martin Luther King's Birthday?"
 
Joe said, "Frank, that isn't the right way of getting things changed around here - you shouldn't put all of your begs in one ask-it."Tom, the fisherman, wrote the following to a mail order catalogue, "Please send me one of those gasoline engines for my boat you show on page 438, and if it's any good, I'll send you a check."

A few days later, Tom received the following reply, "Please send check. If it's any good, we'll send the engine."Mrs. Hunter was called to serve for jury duty, but asked to be excused because she didn't believe in capital punishment and didn't want her personal thoughts to prevent the trial from running its proper course.

But the public defender liked her thoughtfulness and tried to convince her that she was appropriate to serve on the jury.

"Madam," he explained, "this is not a murder trial! It's a simple civil lawsuit. A wife is bringing this case against her husband because he gambled away the $12,000 he had promised to use to remodel the kitchen for her birthday."

"Well, okay," agreed Mrs. Hunter, "I'll serve. I guess I could be wrong about capital punishment after all!"Upon entering the little country store, the stranger noticed a sign saying; DANGER! BEWARE OF DOG! posted on the glass door. Inside he noticed a harmless old hound dog asleep on the floor besides the cash register.

He asked the store manager, "Is THAT the dog folks are supposed to beware of?"

"Yep, that's him," he replied.

The stranger couldn't help but be amused.

"That certainly doesn't look like a dangerous dog to me. Why in the world would you post that sign?"

"Because," the owner replied, "before I posted that sign, people kept tripping over him."A World War II pilot is reminiscing before school children about his days in the air force. "In 1942," he says, "the situation was really tough. The Germans had a very strong air force. I remember," he continues, "one day I was protecting our bombers and suddenly, out of the clouds, these fokkers appeared.

At this point, several of the children giggle.

"I looked up, and right above me was one of them. I aimed at him and shot him down. They were swarming. I immediately realized that there was another fokker behind me."

At hearing the pilot go on, the girls in the auditorium start to giggle and boys start to laugh. The teacher stands up and says, "I think I should point out that 'Fokker' was the name of the German-Dutch aircraft company"

"That's true," says the pilot, "but these nazi fokkers were flying Messerschmidts."Viagra now available in liquid form. FDA officials today announced the release of the wonder drug Viagra in a new, easy-to-take liquid form. It is sold under the name "Mydixadrill." 

Now when men come home from work in the evening, they can pour themselves a stiff one.Stalking into a police station late one night, a man demands to speak to the burglar who broke into his house.

"Sorry, that's against the law," says the desk sergeant.

"You don't get it," says the man. "I need to know how he got in without waking my wife."#1 rule of a redneck-
If duck tape don't fix it (doubt it), mount it on the wall instead.'Twas The Night Of Thanksgiving, 
But I Just Couldn't Sleep
I Tried Counting Backwards, 
I Tried Counting Sheep.

The Leftovers Beckoned - 
The Dark Meat And White
But I Fought The Temptation 
With All Of My Might

Tossing And Turning 
With Anticipation
The Thought Of A Snack 
Became Infatuation.

So, I Raced To The Kitchen, 
Flung Open The Door
And Gazed At The Fridge, 
Full Of Goodies Galore.

I Gobbled Up Turkey 
And Buttered Potatoes,
Pickles And Carrots, 
Beans And Tomatoes.

I Felt Myself Swelling ! 
So Plump And So Round,
'til All Of A Sudden, 
I Rose Off The Ground.

I Crashed Through The Ceiling, 
Floating Into The Sky
With A Mouthful Of Pudding 
And A Handful Of Pie.

But, I Managed To Yell 
As I Soared Past The Trees....
Happy Eating To All - 
Pass The Cranberries, Please.

May Your Stuffing Be Tasty, 
May Your Turkey Be Plump.
May Your Potatoes 'n Gravy 
Have Nary A Lump,
May Your Yams Be Delicious 
May Your Pies Take The Prize,
May Your Thanksgiving Dinner 
Stay Off Of Your Thighs.

Happy Thanksgiving To All!!!A guy walks into a bar wearing a pair of jumper cables around his neck. 

The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey buddy, don't try to start anything..."These two fleas are sitting in Florida. One is shivering like crazy, saying "that has got to be the coldest ride I have ever had in my life!"

"How did you get here?" asks the other flea.

"I was in the moustache of some guy riding his motorcycle down the freeway." 

"That is no way to travel to Florida" says the flea."Here is what you do. Go to the airport and find a lounge. Have a sip of someone's drink so you are relaxed. Find a really pretty girl and crawl up her leg and under her dress.G o inside her panties and you will find a nice warm place to curl up and fall asleep. The next thing you know,you are in Florida!! Remember that for next time.We will get together next year and you can tell me how it went!"

The following year, the two fleas are back in Florida and the first
one is shivering like crazy. "That is the coldest f*%#in' ride to
Florida I have had in my life!!!" 

"What happened to the advice I gave you last year?" 

"I did everything you told me to do!! I went to the airport and found the lounge. I had a sip of someone's drink and I was good and relaxed. I saw this gorgeous girl so I crawled up her leg and under her dress. I went into her panties and found this warm, furry place to curl up and fall asleep. The next thing I knew, I was in the moustache of some guy riding his motorcycle down the freeway!!"A woman was missing her boyfriend, so she decided to write him the following brief letter:

Dear Anthony,

I've been unable to sleep since I broke off our engagement. Won't you forgive and forget? Your absence is breaking my heart. I was a fool... nobody can take your place. I love you.

All my love,
Kathy
xoxo

P.S. Congratulations on winning this week's lottery...The only reason I would take up jogging is so that I could hear heavy breathing again.Bernie was invited to his friend's home for dinner. Morris, the host, called his wife by many endearing terms, calling her Honey, My Love, Darling, Sweetheart, Pumpkin, etc.

Bernie looked at Morris and remarked, "That is really nice. After all these years, you still call your wife those pet names."

Morris hung his head and whispered, "To tell the truth, I forgot her name years ago."Did you hear about the football game with the 0-0 score?


Never mind, it's pointless.With Viagra being such a great medical success for increasing men's sexual prowess, Pfizer is bringing forth a whole line of drugs oriented towards improving the performance of men in today's society.

Here are a few of the new ones:

DIRECTRA - a dose of this drug given to men before leaving on car trips caused 72 percent of them to stop and ask directions when they got lost, compared to a control group of 0.2 percent.

PROJECTRA - Men given this experimental new drug were far more likely to actually finish a household repair project before starting a new one.

COMPLIMENTRA - In clinical trials, 82 percent of middle-aged men administered this drug noticed that their wives had a new hairstyle. Currently being tested to see if its effects extend to noticing new clothing.

BUYAGRA - Married and otherwise attached men reported a sudden urge to buy their sweeties expensive jewellery and gifts after taking this drug for only two days. Still to be seen: whether the drug can be continued for a period longer than your favorite store's return limit.

NEGA-VIAGRA - Has the exact opposite effect of Viagra. Currently undergoing clinical trials on sitting U.S. presidents.

NEGA-SPORTAGRA - This drug had the strange effect of making men want to turn off televised sports and actually converse with other family members.

FLATULAGRA - This complex drug converts men's noxious intestinal gases back into food solids. Special bonus: Dosage can be doubled for long car rides.

FLYAGRA - This drug has been showing great promise in treating men with O.F.D. (Open Fly Disorder). Especially useful for men on Viagra.

PRYAGRA - About to fail its clinical trial, this drug gave men in the test group an irresistible urge to dig into the personal affairs of other people. Note: Apparent overdose turned three test subjects into "special prosecutors."

LIAGRA - This drug causes men to be less than truthful when being asked about their sexual affairs. Will be available in Regular, Grand Jury and Presidential Strength versions.Henry goes to confession and says, "Bless me Father, for I have sinned. Last night I was with seven different women."

The priest says, "Take seven lemons, squeeze them into a glass and drink the juice without pausing."

"Will that cleanse me of my sins, Father?"

"No," replies the priest. "But it'll wipe that silly grin off your face."This man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder and the bar tender asks him,
"What's your newt's name?"
and the man replies,
"Tiny"
and the bar tender says,
"Why is he called Tiny?"
and the man replies,
"Because he is minute." 

(minute means small)Yo momma so fat that when she sits around the house, she dosen't just sit around the house, she sits around the whole neighborhood."Knock-Knock"
"Who's there?"
"Boo"
"Boo who?"
"Why are you crying?"There were three babys - a blond, a redhead, and a brunet. They were fighting over who's mommy had the best  bra. 

The first baby says "My mom has a foam bra."

The second says "My mom has gel straps."

The blond baby says "Well, the tag on my moms bra says double D." 

The blond won the fight.After putting her children to bed, a mother changed into old slacks and a droopy blouse and proceeded to wash her hair. As she heard the children getting more and more rambunctious, her patience grew thin. At last she threw a towel around her head & stormed into their room, putting
them back to bed with stern warnings. As she left the room, she heard her three-year-old say with a trembling voice, "Who was that?"After being interviewed by the school administration, the eager teaching prospect said: 

"Let me see if I've got this right. You want me to go into that room with all those kids and fill their every waking moment with a love for learning. And I'm supposed to instill a sense of pride in their ethnicity, modify their disruptive behavior, observe them for signs of abuse and even censor their T-shirt messages and dress habits. 

"You want me to wage a war on drugs and sexually transmitted diseases, check their backpacks for weapons of mass destruction, and raise their self esteem. You want me to teach them patriotism, good citizenship, sportsmanship, and fair play, how and where to register to vote, how to balance a checkbook, and how to apply for a job. I am to check their heads for lice, maintain a safe environment, recognize signs of antisocial behavior, offer advice, write letters of recommendation for student employment and scholarships, encourage respect for the cultural diversity of others, and, oh yeah, always make sure that I give the girls in my class 50 percent of my attention. 

"My contract requires me to work on my own time after school and evenings grading papers. Also, I must spend my summer vacation at my own expense, working toward advance certification and a Master's degree. And on my own time you want me to attend committee and faculty meetings, PTA meetings, and participate in staff development training. I am to be a paragon of virtue, larger than life, such that my very presence will awe my students into being obedient and respectful of authority. And I am to pledge allegiance to family values and this current administration. 

"You want me to incorporate technology into the learning experience, monitor web sites, and relate personally with each student. That includes deciding who might be potentially dangerous and/or liable to commit a crime in school. I am to make sure all students pass the state mandatory exams, even those who don't come to school regularly or complete any of their assignments. Plus, I am to make sure that all of the students with handicaps get an equal education regardless of the extent of their mental or physical handicap. And I am to communicate regularly with the parents by letter, telephone, newsletter, and report card. 

"All of this I am to do with just a piece of chalk, a computer, a few books, a bulletin board, and a big smile AND on a starting salary that qualifies my family for food stamps! 

"You want me to do all of this and you expect me NOT TO PRAY?"The female skier Picabo Street (pronounced Peek-A-Boo)... 

The famous Olympic skier Picabo Street is not just an athlete, she is a nurse. She currently works at the Intensive Care Unit of a large metropolitan hospital. 

She is not permitted to answer the telephone, however, as it caused simply too much confusion when she would answer the phone and say, 

"Picabo, ICU".A friend was in front of me coming out of church one day, and the preacher was standing at the door as he always is to shake hands. He grabbed my friend by the hand and pulled him aside: 

The Pastor said to him, "You need to join the Army of the Lord!" 

My friend replied, "I'm already in the Army of the Lord, Pastor." 

Pastor questioned, "How come I don't see you except at Christmas and Easter?" 

He whispered back, "I'm in the secret service."The Supreme Court has ruled that there cannot be a nativity scene in Washington, D.C.  this Christmas.  This isn't for any religious constitutional reason.
 
They simply have not been able to find three wise men and a virgin in the Nation's capitol.
 
There was, however, no problem finding enough asses to fill the stable.I shall seek and find you,
I shall take you to bed and have my way with you,
I will make you ache, shake, and sweat until you moan and groan.
I will make you beg for mercy, you will beg for me to stop.
I will exhaust you to the point that you will be relieved when I'm finished with you.
 You will be weak for days.
You have been warned, my love, by...



THE FLU!!
Now get your mind out of the gutter and go get a flu shot.It was last Wednesday night, and I was sitting in my room watching television when the phone rang.

"Hello?" I said.

A girl's voice came over the line.  "Can I speak to Ben, please?"

I live by myself, and my name definitely is not Ben. It was probably a wrong number and I was bored.

I replied, "I'm sorry, he's not in right now. Can I take a message?"

"Do you know what time he'll be back?" she responded.

"I think he said he'd be home around 10:00."

Silence on the other end... a confused silence.

"Is this Steve?"

My name isn't Steve, either.  This was definitely a wrong number.

So I replied, "Yes, it is.  Do you want to leave a message for Ben?"

"Well... he said he would be home tonight and asked me to call him," she said in a slightly irritated voice.

I replied, "Well, he went out with Karen about an hour ago, and said that he would be back at 10:00."

A shocked voice now: "Who's Karen?!"

"The girl he went out with."

"I know that!  I mean... who is she?"

"I don't know her last name.  Look, do you want me to leave a message for Ben?"

"Yes... please do.  Tell him to call me when he gets home."

She was sounding pretty irate at this point, and I could hear her temper flaring.  "I sure will.  Is this Jennifer?"

She exploded, "Who's Jennifer?"

Apparently she wasn't Jennifer.  Good guess though...

"Well... he's going out with Jennifer at 10:00.  I thought you were her.  Sorry... it was an honest mistake."

"Ben's the one that's made the mistake!  Tell him that Alice called him and the she's very upset and that I would like him to call me as soon as he gets home."

I smiled and said, "Okay, I will... but Becky isn't going to like this..."A blonde was playing Trivial Pursuit one night. It was her turn. She rolled the dice and she landed on "Science & Nature." Her question was, "If you are in a vacuum and someone calls your name, can you hear it?" 

She thought for a time and then asked, "Is it on or off?"What's the best form of birth control after 50?
 

Nudity.What's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?
 

45 lbs.What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband?
 

45 minutes.Ethel was a bit of a demon in her wheelchair. She loved to charge around  the nursing home, taking corners on one wheel and getting up to maximum speed in the long corridors. Because the poor woman was one sandwich short of a picnic, the other residents tolerated her. Some of the male  residents even joined in.

One day, Ethel was speeding up one corridor when a door opened and Kooky  Clarence stepped out with his arm outstretched. "STOP," he shouted in a  firm voice. "Have you got a license for that thing?" Ethel fished around in  her handbag, pulled out a Kit Kat wrapper and held it up to him. Okay," he said. And away Ethel sped down the hall.

As she took the corner near the TV lounge on one wheel, Weird Harold popped out in front of her and shouted, "STOP! Have you got proof of insurance  for that vehicle?" Ethel dug into her handbag, pulled out a drink coaster  and held it up to him. Seemingly satisfied, Harold nodded and said, "Carry  on, ma'am."

As Ethel neared the final corridor before the front door, Crazy Craig  stepped out in front of her, stark naked, holding a very sizeable erection in his hand. "Oh, GOD," said Ethel. "Not the breathalyzer again!"What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
  
After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying?
  
The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.Why does the bride always wear white?
 

Because it's good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex?
 

Because they have cotton balls.What's the difference between Beer Nuts and Deer Nuts?
 

Beer Nuts are $1, and Deer Nuts are always under a buck.A guy had been feeling down for so long that he finally decided to seek the aid of a psychiatrist.

He went there, laid on the couch, spilled his guts then waited for the profound wisdom of the psychiatrist to make him feel better.

The psychiatrist asked him a few questions, took some notes then sat thinking in silence for a few minutes with a puzzled look on his face.

Suddenly, he looked up with an expression of delight and said, "Um, I think your problem is low self-esteem.  It is very common among losers."During their silver anniversary, a wife reminded her husband: "Do you remember when you proposed to me, I was so overwhelmed that I didn't talk for an hour?" The hubby replied: "Yes, honey, that was the happiest hour of my life."A guy walks past a mental hospital and hears a moaning voice "13.......13.......13.........13" the man looked over to the hospital and saw a hole in the wall, he looked through the hole and gets poked in the eye. The moaning voice then groaned '14.........14.........14.......14.'Your so ugly you remind me of an elephants bottom.What's the difference between a toad and a horny toad?

One says "Ribbit ribbit" and the other says "Rubbit rubbit".A kindergarden teacher had a pupil tell her he had found a frog.

She inquired as to whether it was dead or alive.

"Dead," she was informed.

"How do you know?" she asked.

"Because I pissed in his ear," said the child innocently.

"You did WHAT?" squealed the teacher in surprise.

"You know," explained the boy,

"I leaned over and went 'Pssst'.  He didn't move!"Bill Clinton, Al Gore, and George W. Bush were set to face a firing squad in a small Central American country.

Bill Clinton was the first one placed against the wall and just before the order was given he yelled out, "Earthquake!" The firing squad fell into a panic and Bill jumped over the wall and escaped in the confusion.

Al Gore was the second one placed against the wall. The squad was reassembled and Al pondered what he had just witnessed. Again, before the order was given Al yelled out, "Tornado!" Again, the squad fell apart and Al slipped over the wall.

The last person, George W. Bush, was placed against the wall. He was thinking, "I see the pattern here; just scream out something about a disaster and hop over the wall". He confidently refused the blindfold as the firing squad was reassembled. As the rifles were raised in his direction, he grinned from ear to ear and yelled, "Fire!"A man was driving up the interstate late one night when he was amazed to see a weird creature overtake him at a great speed. He accelerated in an attempt to catch up with it, but the creature was far too quick for him and he dimly saw it run off the highway on an exit. The driver followed, only to see it jump over a hedge and disappear into some woods. Nearby stood a farmhouse; the driver stopped his car, walked up to the door and knocked.

The driver apologized to the farmer for bothering him and asked him about the creature. "Oh yes," said the farmer, "that's one of my specially bred three-legged chickens. I bred them so that when we have roast chicken for dinner, my wife, my son and myself can have a chicken leg each."

"Really?" asked the man. "That's amazing! How do they taste?"

"I don't know," replied the farmer. "I haven't been able to catch one yet."A group of managers was given the assignment to measure the height of a flagpole. They got their ladders and tape measures and went out to the flagpole. However, the measurement job turned out to be much more difficult than any of them had expected, with some of them falling off the ladders, some dropping their tape measures and so on, and the whole thing had just turned into a big disaster.

After a while, an engineer happened to walk by and saw what the managers were attempting to do. She walked over, pulled the flagpole out of the ground, and laid it flat on the ground. She measured it from end to end, gave the measurement to one of the managers and then walked away without saying a word.

After the engineer was out of sight, one manager turned to another and laughed as he shook his head. "Now that's just like an engineer! We're looking for the height and she gives us the length!"A father was reading Bible stories to his young son. He read, "The man named Lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city, but his wife looked back and was turned to salt."

His son asked, "What happened to the flea?"A man goes to his doctor and says, "I don't think my wife's hearing is as good as it used to be. What should I do?"

The doctor replies, "Try this test to find out for sure. When your wife is in the kitchen doing dishes, stand fifteen feet behind her and ask her a question, if she doesn't respond keep moving closer asking the question until she hears you."

The man goes home and sees his wife preparing dinner. He stands fifteen feet behind her and says, "What's for dinner, honey?"

He gets no response, so he moves to ten feet behind her and asks again.

Still no response, so he moves to five feet. Again, no answer.

Finally he stands directly behind her and says, "Honey, what's for dinner?"

She replies, "For the fourth time, I SAID CHICKEN!"Occasionally, airline attendants make an effort to make the "in-flight safety lecture" and their other announcements a bit more entertaining. Here are some real examples that have been heard or reported:

1. From a southwest airlines employee: "there may be 50 ways to leave your lover, but there are only four ways out of this airplane."

2. Pilot: "folks, we have reached our cruising altitude now, so I am going to switch the seat belt sign off. Feel free to move about as you wish, but please stay inside the plane till we land. It's a bit cold outside, and if you walk on the wings it affects the flight pattern."

3. After landing: "thank you for flying delta business express. We hope you enjoyed giving us the business as much as we enjoyed taking you for a ride."

4. As the plane landed and was coming to a stop at Washington National, a lone voice came over the loudspeaker: "whoa, big fella. Whoa!"

5. After a particularly rough landing during thunderstorms in Memphis, a flight attendant on a northwest flight announced: "please take care when opening the overhead compartments because, after a landing like that, sure as hell everything has shifted."

6. From a southwest airlines employee: "welcome aboard southwest flight xxx to yyy. To operate your seatbelt, insert the metal tab into the buckle and pull tight. It works just like every other seatbelt and if you don't know how to operate one, you probably shouldn't be out in public unsupervised. In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will descend from the ceiling. Stop screaming, grab the mask, and pull it over your face. If you have a small child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs. If you are traveling with two small children, decide now which one you love more."

7. "weather at our destination is 50 degrees with some broken clouds, but they'll try to have them fixed before we arrive. Thank you, and, remember, nobody loves you or your money more than Southwest airlines."

8. "your seat cushions can be used for flotation. In the event of an emergency water landing, please take them with our compliments."

9. "As you exit the plane, please make sure to gather all of your belongings. Anything left behind will be distributed evenly among the flight attendants. But please do not leave children or spouses."

10. "last one off the plane must clean it."

11. From the pilot during his welcome message: "we are pleased to have some of the best flight attendants in the industry. Unfortunately, none of them are on this flight."

12. This was overheard on an American Airlines flight into Amarillo, Texas, on a particularly windy and bumpy day. During the final approach, the captain was really having to fight it. After an extremely hard landing, the flight attendant came on the pa and announced, "ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Amarillo. Please remain in your seats with your seatbelts fastened while the captain taxis what's left of our airplane to the gate!"

13. Another flight attendant's comment on a less-than-perfect landing: "we ask you to please remain seated as Captain Kangaroo bounces us to the terminal."

14. An airline pilot wrote that on this particular flight he had hammered his ship into the runway really hard. The airline had a policy which required the first officer to stand at the door while the passengers exited, smile, and give them a, "thanks for flying xyz airline." he said that in light of the bad landing, he had a hard time looking the passengers in the eye, thinking that someone would have a smart comment. Finally, everyone had gotten off except for this little old lady walking with a cane. She said, "sonny, did we land or were we shot down?"

15. After a real crusher of a landing in phoenix, the flight attendant got on the pa and said, "ladies and gentlemen, please remain in your seats until Captain Crash and the crew have brought the aircraft to a screeching halt up against the gate. And, once the tire smoke has cleared and the warning bells are silenced, we'll open the door and you can pick your way through the wreckage to the terminal."

16. Part of a flight attendant's arrival announcement: "we'd like to thank you folks for flying with us today. And, the next time you get the insane urge to go blasting through the skies in a pressurized metal tube, we hope you'll think of us here at US Airways."1. Ancient Egypt was inhabited by mummies and they all wrote in hydraulics. They lived in the Sarah Dessert and traveled by Camelot. The climate of the Sarah is such that the inhabitants have to live elsewhere.

2. The Bible is full of interesting caricatures. In the first book of the Bible, Guinessis, Adam and Eve were created from an apple tree. One of their children, Cain, asked, "Am I my brother's son?"

3. Actually, Homer was not written by Homer but by another man of that name.

4. Eventually, the Romans conquered the Greeks. History calls people Romans because they never stayed in one place for very long.

5. Nero was a cruel tyranny who would torture his subjects by playing the fiddle to them.

6. Joan of Arc was burnt to a steak and was cannonized by Bernard Shaw. Finally Magna Carta provided that no man should be hanged twice for the same offense.

7. In midevil times most people were alliterate. The greatest writer of the futile ages was Chaucer, who wrote many poems and verses and also wrote literature.

8. Another story was William Tell, who shot an arrow through an apple while standing on his son's head.

9. During the Renaissance America began. Christopher Columbus was a great navigator who discovered America while cursing about the Atlantic. His ships were called the Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Fe.

10. Later, the Pilgrims crossed the ocean, and this was called Pilgrim's Progress. The winter of 1620 was a hard one for the settlers. Many people died and many babies were born. Captain John Smith was responsible for all this.

11. One of the causes of the Revolutionary War was the English put tacks in their tea. Also, the colonists would send their parcels through the post without stamps. Finally the colonists won the War and no longer had to pay for taxis. Delegates from the original 13 states formed the Contented Congress. Thomas Jefferson, a Virgin,and Benjamin Franklin were two singers of the Declaration of Independence. Franklin discovered electricity by rubbing two cats backwards and declared, "A horse divided against itself cannot stand.". Franklin died in 1790 and is still dead.

12. Soon the Constitution of the United States was adopted to secure domestic hostility. Under the constitution the people enjoyed the right to keep bare arms.

13. Meanwhile in Europe, the enlightenment was a reasonable time. Voltaire invented electricity and also wrote a book called Candy.

14. Gravity was invented by Issac Walton. It is chiefly noticeable in the autumn when the apples are falling off the trees.

15. The French Revolution was accomplished before it happened and catapulted into Napoleon. Napoleon wanted an heir to inherit his power, but since Josephine was a baroness, she couldn't have any children.

16. The sun never set on the British Empire because the British Empire is In the East and the sun sets in the West

17. Queen Victoria was the longest queen. She sat on a thorn for 63 years. She was a moral woman who practiced virtue. Her death was the final event which ended her reign.

18. Louis Pasteur discovered a cure for rabbis. Charles Darwin was a naturalist who wrote the Organ of the Species. Madman Curie discovered radio. And Karl Marx became one of the Marx brothers.

19. The First World War, caused by the assignation of the Arch-Duck by an anahist, ushered in a new error in the anals of human history.

You would have thought that people doing there GCSE's would have better gnilleps (that spelling spelt backwards) P.S. these are meant to have spelling mistakes, its how they were really wrote by someone.On the first day of their Honeymoon, the blonde bride slipped into a sexy but sweet nightie and, with great anticipation, crawled into bed, only to find that her new Catholic husband had settled down on the couch. 

When she asked him why he was apparently not going to make love to her, he replied, "Because it's Lent." 

Almost in tears, she remarked, "Well, that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard! To whom did you lend it, and for how long?"So Many Men, So Few Who Can Afford Me.

God Made Us Sisters, Prozac Made Us Friends.

My Mother Is A Travel Agent For Guilt Trips.

Princess, Having Had Sufficient Experience With Princes, Seeks Frog.

Coffee, Chocolate, Men ... Some Things Are Just Better Rich.

Don't Treat Me Any Differently Than You Would The Queen

Warning: I Have An Attitude And I Know How To Use It.

Of Course I Don't Look Busy...I Did It Right The First Time.

Do Not Start With Me.  You Will Not Win.

Sorry If I Looked Interested.  I'm Not.

If You Want Breakfast In Bed, Sleep In The Kitchen.Three guys go into a bar: a guy from Dallas, a guy from San Francisco, and a guy from Boulder. They drank and got a little rowdy. Suddenly, completely without warning, the Texan grabbed a bottle of tequila, unscrewed the top, took a good swig, and threw the bottle into the air. He then jerked a Colt .45 pistol out of his pocket and shot the bottle, spraying tequila all over everything and everybody.

The patrons at the bar shouted, "Hey, bud, why'd you waste that tequila?"

The Texan said, "Heck, it's just tequila. Us Texans go across the border all the time and get all the tequila we want."

Not to be outdone, the Californian whipped out a corkscrew and uncorked a bottle of wine. He poured some into a glass, swirled it, sniffed, commented on the tart insolence of its bouquet, sipped, tossed the bottle in the air, nicked it with a round from a silly little chrome-plated pistol, and showered a couple of patrons at the bar with wine.

The patrons, upset by the casual waste and general lack of concern for their safety, expressed their displeasure and astonishment, to which the Californian replied, "Well, I'm from Napa Valley, and we have more than enough wine where I come from."

The Boulderite, a quiet observer up to this point, touched the crystal hanging from his neck, adjusted his Birkenstocks, flipped back his ponytail, put down his guitar, and borrowed a bottle opener from the bartender. He popped the top off a bottle of Fat Tire beer, hammered it back, threw the empty bottle into the air, pulled a 9mm Beretta, took careful aim, shot both the Californian and the Texan, and caught the falling bottle.

The patrons screamed in utter disbelief, "Why'd you do that?"

The Boulderite replied, "I'm from Colorado. We've already got too many Texans and way too many  Californians, but glass bottles, now those can be recycled!"The perfect man is gentle
Never cruel or mean
He has a handsome smile
And keeps his car so clean.
The perfect man likes children
And will raise them by your side
He will be a good father
A good husband to his bride.
The perfect man loves cooking
Cleaning and vacuuming too
He'll do anything in his power
To convey his feelings to you.
The perfect man is sweet
Writing poetry from your name
He's a best friend to your mother
And kisses away your pain.
He never has made you cry
Or hurt you in any way
Oh, fuck this stupid poem
The perfect man is gay.Dear Abby:

A couple of women moved in across the hall from me. One is a middle-aged gym teacher and the other is a social worker in her mid-twenties. These two women go everywhere together and I've never seen a man go into their apartment or come out. Do you think they could be Lebanese?

Dear Abby:

What can I do about all the sex, nudity, language and violence on my VCR?

Dear Abby:

I have a man I never could trust. He cheats so much I'm not even sure this baby I'm carrying is his.

Dear Abby:

I am a twenty-three-year-old liberated woman who has been on the pill for two years. It's getting expensive, and I think my boyfriend should share half the cost, but I don't know him well enough to discuss money with him.

Dear Abby:

I suspected that my husband had been fooling around, and when I confronted him with the evidence he denied everything and said it would never happen again.

Dear Abby:

Our son writes that he is taking Judo. Why would a boy who was raised in a Good Christian home turn against his own?

Dear Abby:

My forty-year-old son has been paying a psychiatrist $60 an hour every week for two-and-a-half years. He must be crazy.

Dear Abby:

Do you think it would be all right if I gave my doctor a little gift? I tried for years to get pregnant and couldn't and he did it.

Dear Abby:

My mother is mean and short-tempered. I think she is going through her mental pause.

Dear Abby:

You told some woman whose husband had lost all interest in sex to send him to a doctor. Well, my husband lost all interest in sex years ago and he is a doctor.Every Sunday, a little old lady placed $1,000 in the collection plate. This went on for weeks until the priest, overcome with curiosity, approached her.

"Sister, I couldn't help but notice that you put $1,000 a week in the collection plate," he stated.

"Why yes," she replied, "every week my son sends me money, and what I don't need I give to the church."

"That's wonderful, how much does he send you?"

"Oh, $2,000 a week."

"Your son is very successful, what does he do for a living?"

"He is a veterinarian," she answered.

"That is a very honorable profession. Where does he practice?"

"Well, he has one cat house in Kansas City and another in Dallas."A musician who joined an orchestra on a cruise ship was having difficulty keeping time with the rest of the band.
 
Finally, the captain said, "Either you learn to keep time or I'll throw you overboard. . . . It's up to you, sync or swim."Little Johnny went up to his father and asked, "Dad, where did all of  my intelligence come from?"

Johnny's father replied, "Well, son, you must have gotten it from your mother, 'cause I still have mine."A fourth-grade teacher was giving her pupils a lesson in logic.

"Here is the situation," she said. "A man is standing up in a boat in the middle of a river, fishing. He loses his balance, falls in, and begins splashing and yelling for help. His wife hears the commotion, knows he can't swim, and runs down to the bank. Why do you think she ran to the bank?"

A girl raised her hand and asked, "To draw out all his savings?"A cannibal took his young son for a walk in the jungle. They came across a beautiful, naked girl lying asleep on the ground. The boy got excited and said, "Let's eat her now, Dad!"

But the father said, "No, I have a better idea. Let's bring her home and eat your mother."A man went to the doctor complaining of insomnia. The doctor gave him a thorough examination, found absolutely nothing physically wrong with him, and then told him, "Listen, if you ever expect to cure your insomnia, you just have to stop taking your trouble to bed with you."

"I know," said the man, "but I can't. My wife refuses to sleep alone..."The following quotes were taken from actual medical records as dictated by physicians.  (Courtesy of Richard Lederer, Ph.D."Fractured English.")

- By the time he was admitted, his rapid heart had stopped and he was feeling better.

- Patient has chest pain if she lies on her left side for over a year.

- The patient states there is a burning pain in his penis which goes to his feet.

- On the second day the knee was better and on the third day it had completely disappeared.

- She has had no rigors or shaking chills, but her husband states she was very hot in bed last night.

- The patient has been depressed ever since she began seeing me in 1983.

- I will be happy to go into her GI system.  She seems ready and anxious.

- Patient was released to outpatient department without dressing.

- I have suggested that he loosen his pants before standing, and then, when he stands with the help of his wife, they should fall to the floor.

- The patient is tearful and crying constantly.  She also appears to be depressed.

- Discharge status:  Alive but without permission.

- The patient will need disposition, therefore Dr. Blank will dispose of him.

- Healthy-appearing, decrepit 69-year-old male, mentally alert but forgetful.

- The patient refused an autopsy.

- The patient has no past history of suicides.

- The patient expired on the floor uneventfully.

- Patient has left his white blood cells at another hospital.

- Patient was becoming more demented with urinary frequency.

- The patient's past medical history has been remarkably insignificant with only a 40 pound weight gain in the past three days.

- She slipped on the ice and apparently her legs went in separate directions in early December.

- The patient experienced sudden onset of severe shortness of breath with a picture of acute pulmonary edema at home while having sex which gradually deteriorated in the emergency room.

- The patient left the hospital feeling much better except for her original complaints.An Italian doctor was having an affair with his nurse. Shortly afterward, she told him she was pregnant. Not wanting his wife to know, he gave the nurse a sum of money and asked her to go to Italy and have the baby there. "But how will I let you know the baby is born?" she asked.

He replied, "Just send me a postcard and write "spaghetti" on the back. I'll take care of the child's expenses."

Not knowing what else to do, the nurse took the money and flew to Italy.

Six months went by and then one day the doctor's wife called him at the office and explained, "Dear, you received a very strange postcard in the mail today from Europe, and I don't understand what it means."

The doctor said, "Just wait until I get home, I will explain it to you." Later that evening the doctor came home, read the postcard, and fell to the floor with a heart attack.

Paramedics rushed him to the ER. The lead medic stayed back to comfort the wife.

He asked what trauma had precipitated the cardiac arrest. So the wife picked up the card and read:

"Spaghetti, Spaghetti, Spaghetti, Spaghetti.

"Two with sausage and meatballs, two without."Worried that they hadn't heard anything for days from the widow in the apartment next door, the mother said to her son, "Tony, would you go next door and see how Old Mrs. Pierpoint is?"

A few minutes later, Tony returned.

"Well, is she all right?" asked the mother.

"She's fine, but she's rather annoyed with you," remarked Tony.

"At me?" the mother exclaimed. "Whatever for?"

Tony replied, "Mrs. Pierpoint said it's none of your business how old she is."Some grade school teachers must agree with that, because they keep journals of amusing things their students have written in papers. Here are a few examples:

- The future of "I give" is "I take."

- The parts of speech are lungs and air.

- The inhabitants of Moscow are called Mosquitoes.

- A census taker is man who goes from house to house increasing the population.

- Most of the houses in France are made of plaster of Paris.

- The people who followed the Lord were called the 12 opossums.

- The spinal column is a long bunch of bones. The head sits on the top and you sit on the bottom.

- We do not raise silk worms in the United States, because we get our silk from rayon. He is a larger worm and gives more silk.

- A scout obeys all to whom obedience is due and respects all duly constipated authorities.

- The climate is hottest next to the creator.

- Syntax is all the money collected at the church from sinners.

- Iron was discovered because someone smelt it.

- In the middle of the 18th century, all the morons moved to Utah.In a small town in the US, there is a rather sizeable factory that hires only married men. Concerned about this, a local woman called on the manager and asked him, "Why is it you limit your employees to married men? Is it because you think us women are week, dumb, cantankerous...or what?"

"Not at all, Ma'am," the manager replied. "It is because our employees are used to obeying orders, are accustomed to being shoved around, know how to keep their mouths shut and don't pout when I yell at them.The morning after their honeymoon night, the wife says to her husband, "You know, you're really a lousy lover!"

The husband replies, "How would you know after only 30 seconds?"A guy got on a bus one day and sat in the aisle seat beside an elderly lady. A few minutes later, he couldn't control himself and had to let loose a big noisy fart.

Embarrassed, he tried to make conversation with the lady and asked her "Do you by any chance have today's paper?"

The lady looked at him and said "No, but the next time we pass by a tree, I'll grab you a handful of leaves."A husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends when the subject of marriage counseling came up.

"Oh, we'll never need that. My husband and I have a great relationship," the wife explained. "He was a communications major in college and I majored in theater arts."

"He communicates real well and I just act like I'm listening."Joe's grandfather left him ten million dollars, and the next week Denise agreed to marry him.

After three months of married life, Joe noticed that his beautiful new wife was ignoring him more and more. On the rare occasion that she would go to bed with him, she would be indifferent, or even worse, called out other men's names!

Whenever they went out in public, she ignored him and flirted with other men. Finally, he decided to confront her.

"Denise" he said, "was the only reason you married me was because my grandfather left me ten million dollars when he died?"

"Don't be ridiculous," she replied, "I don't care who gave you the money!"At a wedding rehearsal, the pastor told the father of the bride, "As you give your daughter's hand to the bridegroom, you should say something nice to him."

The father, a department store manager, took the advice. During the wedding ceremony, he placed his daughter's hand on his son-in-law's arm and said, "No deposit, no return."Three guys are about to be executed and they are asked what they wish to have for their last meal.

The Italian responds, Pepperoni Pizza, which he is served and then executed.

The Frenchmen requests a Fillet Mignon, which he is served and then executed.

The Newf requests a plate of strawberries.

"STRAWBERRIES ????"

"Yes, Strawberries."

He is told, "But they are out of season!"

"So, I'll wait."There once was this kid named Oddy,
He always missed the Potty,
He went some poops,
and shouted out oops,
Because Oddy Missed the PottyWhat did the number 0 say to the number 8?

"Hey, nice belt!"The Perfect Breakfast:
You're sitting at the table and:
your son is on the cover of the box of Wheaties....
your mistress is on the cover of Playboy ... 
and your wife is on the back of the milk carton...Murphy, a dishonest lawyer, bribed one of his client's jurors to hold out for a charge of manslaughter, fearing the murder charge being brought by the state. The jury was out for days before returning with the verdict:

Manslaughter!

Later, as Murphy paid off the corrupt juror, he asked him if he had a hard time convincing the other jurors to see things his way.

"Boy, did I!" said the juror. "They kept voting to acquit!A lonely wife brought a man she had just met at a bar home to her bedroom one evening when she thought her husband was out of town. They immediately tore each other's clothes off and started going at it. She sat up quickly in bed as she heard the key in the lock.

"Quick!" she said to the man, "it's my husband! You've got to get out of here quick!"

"Where's the back door?" the man asked as he grabbed his clothes.

"There isn't one," she replied.

"Where would you like one?" he asked.A writer died and was given the option of going to heaven or hell. She decided to check out each place first. As the writer descended into the fiery pits, she saw row upon row of writers chained to their desks in a steaming sweatshop. As they worked, they were repeatedly whipped with thorny lashes.

"Oh my," said the writer. "Let me see heaven now."

A few moments later, as she ascended into heaven, she saw rows of writers, chained to their desks in a steaming sweatshop. As they worked, they, too, were whipped with thorny lashes.

"Wait a minute!" said the writer, "this is just as bad as hell."

"Oh no, it's not," replied an unseen voice. "Here, your work gets published."When Abraham Liebowitz got to school, he discovered that he was the only Jewish kid in the class, but it's a decent town and nobody really bothered him.

One day, the teacher asked the class, "Who was the greatest person who ever lived, and why?" To make it interesting, she held a twenty dollar bill in the air and said, "Whoever gives the best answer will get this twenty dollars."

All of the kids called out their guesses.

One said, "George Washington, because he was the father of our country."

"That's excellent," said the teacher.

Another said, "Abraham Lincoln, because he freed the slaves."

"That's also good," said the teacher, reluctant to bestow the reply of 'excellent,' but still being polite.

One little girl said, "Joan of Arc, because she saved France."

"Another excellent choice," said the teacher.

Then Abraham Liebowitz raised his hand, so the teacher called on him.  "Abraham, who do you think was the greatest person who ever lived, and why?"

Abraham said, "Jesus Christ."

The teacher was shocked.  "Abraham," she said "I'm very surprised. Class, I think we can all agree that Abraham should get the twenty dollars," and she handed Abraham Liebowitz the money.

At recess, the teacher was still very impressed, so she asked Abraham why he said Jesus:  

Abraham said, "Look, personally I think Moses was the greatest person who ever lived, but business is business!"Little Johnnie was late for class, and when he saw that the door was already closed, he opened it and went into the classroom tentatively. He very quietly shut the door and tiptoed to his seat hoping not to get the teacher after him.

This upset the teacher, who said him, "Johnnie, is this how your father would have come in - late and sneaking to his seat?  Go out and try it again, and get it right this time!"

So, Little Johnnie left the room and shut the door behind him quietly, as he'd come in.  Then a moment later, he flung open the door with a clatter and stomped back into the room with a lit cigarette dangling from his lips.  He slammed the door behind him, put his cigarette out on the carpet with his foot and said, 

"So Honey, didn't expect ME, did ya?"A Frenchman and an Italian were seated next to a Texan on an overseas flight.  After a few cocktails, the men began discussing their home lives.

"Last night I made love to my wife four times," the Frenchman bragged, "and this morning she made me delicious crepes and she  told me how much she adored me."

"Ah, last night I made love to my wife six times," the Italian responded, "and this morning she made me a wonderful omelet and told me she could never love another man."

When the Texan remained silent, the Frenchman smugly asked, "And how many times did you make love to your wife last night?"

"Once," he replied.

"Only once?" the Italian arrogantly snorted.  "And what did she say to you this morning?"

"Don't stop."You know that all potatoes have eyes. Well, Mr. and Mrs. Potato had eyes for each other and they finally got married and had a little one---a real SWEET POTATO whom they called "YAM".
 
They wanted the best for little Yam, telling her all about the facts of life. They warned her about going out and getting half baked because she could get Mashed, get a bad name like Hot Potato, and then end up with a bunch of Tater Tots.
 
She said not to worry------no Mr. McSpud would get her in the sack and make a Rotten Potato out of her! But she wouldn't stay home and become a Couch Potato either. She would get plenty of food and exercise so as not to be skinny like her Shoestring cousins.
 
Mr. and Mrs. Potato even told her about going off to Europe and to watch out for the Hard Boiled guys from Ireland and even the greasy guys from France called the French Fries. They also said she should watch out for the Indians when going out west because she could get Scalloped.
 
She told them she would stay on the straight and narrow and wouldn't associate with those high class Blue Belles or the ones from the other side of the tracks who advertise their trade on all the trucks you see around town that say Frito Lay.
 
Mr. & Mrs. Potato wanted the best for Yam, so they sent her to "Idaho P.U" - that's Potato University - where the Big Potatoes come from and when she graduated, she'd really be in the Chips.
 
But one day she came home and said she was going to marry Dan Rather. Mr. and Mrs. Potato were very upset and said she couldn't marry him because he's just a .... COMMON TATER!!! 

(..think about it...)The head of a small industrial company posted a slogan all around the office and plant saying, "Do it now!" with the hope of getting better results from his workers.

Some weeks later, when asked why he was removing the slogan signs, he said, "It worked too well.  The bookkeeper skipped with $20,000, the chief clerk eloped with the best secretary I've ever had, three salesmen asked for raises, and the workers in the factory joined the union and are out on strike."First, you get a little hoarse.
Then, you get a little buggy.Adam and Eve had an ideal marriage. 

He didn't have to hear about all the men she could have married, and she didn't have to hear about the way his mother cooked.An elderly woman died last month. Having never married, she requested no male pallbearers. In her handwritten instructions for her memorial service, she wrote, "They wouldn't take me out while I was alive, I don't want them to take me out when I'm dead.Two blondes were starting a round of golf together. On the first tee, the first blonde smacked a beautiful drive down the center of the fairway. With a smile, she picked up the tee and walked to the cart. 

The second blonde cranked another good drive down the center of the  fairway. Pleased, she hopped in the cart. 

When they arrived at the golf balls, they noticed that they were ten yards apart. 

"That's mine up there," said the first blonde, pointing to the ball closer to the green. 

"No way, I outdrove you easily," said the second blonde. Before you know it, fists were flying. 

After a brief scuffle, the second blonde stopped and said, "I know how we can solve this problem!" 

"How?" 

"We will get the clubhouse pro out here!" 

Sure enough, they drove back to the clubhouse and got him and dragged him out to the fairway. 

Studying the situation for a few minutes the pro finally said, "I know how to solve this!" 

"How?" 

"Yeah, how?" 

Replied the pro, "Who is hitting the yellow ball?"Walking up to a department store's fabric counter, a pretty girl asked, "I want to buy this material for a new dress.  How much does it cost?"
 
"Only one kiss per yard," replied the smirking male clerk.
 
"That's fine," replied the girl. "I'll take ten yards."
 
With expectation and anticipation written all over his face, the clerk quickly measured out and wrapped the cloth, then teasingly held it out.
 
The girl snapped up the package and pointed to a little old man standing beside her.
 
"Grandpa will pay the bill," she smiled.A vacationing golfer was out playing on a course that he had never played before. He hired a caddie from the pro shop to show him the layout of the course, and help him decide what shots to play.

On the first tee, the golfer missed his shot, and it dribbled forward about 15 yards. He was slightly embarrassed, but determined to play a better second shot. He hit his second shot into the bordering fairway, and his third shot into a sand trap. By the time he holed out on this Par 4, he was 6 over par.

The man turned to his caddie and said, "Well, I have never played this badly before!"

To which the caddie replied, "I didn't realize you had played before, sir."A guy went to a psychiatrist because he was having severe problems with his sex life. The psychiatrist asked him a lot of questions, but he couldn't get a clear picture of the problems. Finally he asked, "Do you ever watch your girlfriend's face while you're having sex?"

"Well, yes, I did once."

"Well, how did she look?"

"Oh boy, she looked very angry!"

At this point the psychiatrist felt that he was really getting somewhere. "Well that's very interesting, we must look into this further. Now tell me, you say that you have only seen your girlfriend's face once during sex. That seems somewhat unusual. How did it occur that you saw her face that time?"

"She was watching us through the window."A man walked into a cowboy bar and ordered a beer just as President Bush appeared on the television. After a few sips, he looked up at the television and mumbled, "Now, there's the biggest horse's ass I've ever seen." 

A customer at the end of the bar quickly stood up, walked over to him, and decked him.

A few minutes later, as the man was finishing his beer, Mrs. Bush appeared on the television. "She's a horse's ass too," the man. 

This time, a customer at the other end of the bar quickly stood up, walked over to him, and knocked him off his stool. 

"Damn it!" the man said, climbing back up to the bar. "This must be Bush country!"

"Nope," the bartender replied. "Horse country!"New IRS auditor, eager to make a name for himself, decided to review the tax returns of the local synagogue. He assumed they were turning some unreported revenues somewhere, and was determined to find it.  

He proceeded to interrogate the Rabbi, asking him what the Synagogue did with the wax drippings from the Shabbat, Havdallah and Chanukah candles. 

The Rabbi, pleased to show the auditor that nothing went to waste, responded that the used wax is collected and sent to a candle factory and they send the temple new candles. 

"What about the crumbs from the matzah you eat at Passover?" asked the IRS auditor. 

"Simple," the Rabbi responded. "We collect all the crumbs, send them to the matzah bakery and they send us matzah meal."

All right, said the auditor, refusing to give up. I know that you're a moyel as well as a Rabbi. What do you do with the leftovers from the circumcisions?" 

"That's easy too," said the Rabbi. "We send them to Washington, DC and they send us back little pricks like you."Little Leroy was at home doing his math homework. He said to himself, "Two plus five, that son of a bitch is seven. Three plus six, that son of a bitch is nine." At that moment, his mother came in and heard that he was cursing. "Leroy, what are you doing?! Why are you saying that?" 

Little Leroy answered, "I'm doing my math homework, Mom." 

She said, "And is that what  your teacher taught you?" 

He replied, "Yes."  

The next day, the mother, worried about the education her son is receiving, goes to Little Leroy's school to talk to the teacher. The mother said to his Math teacher, "I would like to know what you are teaching my son in math." The teacher replied, "Right now, we are learning addition problems." Little Leroy's mother asked, "Are you teaching them to say two plus two, that son of a bitch is four?" 

When the teacher stopped laughing she replied, "Not at all! What I taught them was two plus two, THE SUM OF WHICH IS four."He does not have a BEER GUT - He has developed a LIQUID GRAIN STORAGE FACILITY.

He is not a BAD DANCER - He is OVERLY CAUCASIAN

He does not GET LOST ALL THE TIME - He investigates ALTERNATIVE DESTINATIONS.

He is not BALDING - He is in FOLLICLE REGRESSION.

He is not a CRADLE ROBBER - He prefers GENERATIONALLY DIFFERENTIAL RELATIONSHIPS.

He does not get FALLING-DOWN DRUNK - He becomes ACCIDENTALLY HORIZONTAL.

He does not act like a TOTAL ASS - He develops a case of RECTAL CRANIAL INVERSION.

He is not a SEX MACHINE - He is ROMANTICALLY AUTOMATED.

He is not a MALE CHAUVINIST PIG - He has SWINE EMPATHY.

He does not UNDRESS YOU WITH HIS EYES - He has an INTROSPECTIVE PORNOGRAPHIC MOMENT.

He is not afraid of COMMITMENT - He is MONOGAMOUSLY CHALLENGED.A beautiful woman walked into an orchard and found a lovely pool in it. She decided to go skinny-dipping. She looked around, didn't see anyone, and undressed. Just as she was about to dive in, the orchard owner appeared from behind the bush where he was hiding all along and told her that swimming was prohibited.

"You could have told me that before I undressed!" she scolded him.

He replied, "Swimming is prohibited, undressing isn't."Legendary football announcer Keith Jackson was in Texas to announce a college football game when he noticed a special telephone near the Longhorn's bench. He asked a nearby Texas player what it was for, and was told that it was the "hotline to God."

Keith asked if he could use it. The player told him, "Sure, but it will cost you $10."

Keith scratched his head and thought, "What the heck, I need a break picking games." He pulled out his wallet and paid the $10. Keith was perfect that week with his football picks.

The next week Mr. Jackson was in Florida when he noticed the same kind of telephone on the FSU bench. He again asked what the telephone was for and was told, "It's the hotline to God. If you want to use it, it'll cost you $10."

Recalling the prior week, Keith pulled out his wallet and made the call. Keith was again perfect calling games.

The next weekend Mr. Jackson was in Nebraska at Memorial Stadium, when he noticed the same kind of telephone by the Cornhusker's bench. He asked a player, "Is that telephone the hotline to God?"

The player responded, "Yes, and if you want to use it, it'll cost you 25 cents."

Keith looked incredulously at the young man and said, "Wait a second, I paid $10 in Texas and Florida to use the same telephone to God. Why does Nebraska charge only 25 cents?"

The young man looked at Mr. Jackson and replied, "In Nebraska, it's a local call."A noted sex therapist realized that people often lie about the frequency of their encounters, so he devised a test to tell for certain how often someone had sex.

To prove his theory, he filled up an auditorium with people, and went down the line asking each person to smile. Using the size of the person's smile, the therapist was able to guess accurately how often each person had sex. The last man in line was grinning from ear to ear.

"Twice a day," the therapist guessed, but was surprised when the man said no. "Once a day, then?" Again the answer was no. "Twice a week?"

"No."

"Twice a month?"

"No."

When the doctor asked, "Once a year?" the man finally said yes.

The therapist was angry that his theory hadn't worked with this individual, and he asked the man, "What the heck are you so happy about?"

The man answered, "Tonight's the night!"Delivering his speech at the opening banquet of a national convention, the visiting minister told several anecdotes he expected to repeat at meetings the next day. 

Because he wanted to use the jokes again, he requested that the reporters omit them from any accounts they might turn in to their newspapers. A cub reporter, in commenting on the speech, ended his piece with the following: 

"The minister told a number of stories that cannot be printed here."Two women were paired together as partners in a club tournament and met on the putting green for the first time.

After introductions, the first golfer asked the second, "What's your handicap?"

"Oh, I'm a scratch golfer," the other replied.

"Really!" exclaimed the first woman, suitably impressed that she was paired up with such a strong player.

"Yes, I write down all my good scores and scratch out the bad ones!Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess looks at them and says, "I'm sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion allowed per passenger."One day, John dies and finds himself in hell. As he is wallowing in despair, he meets the demon. 

Demon: "Why so sad, my friend?"

John:    "What do you think? I'm in hell!"

Demon: "Hell's not so bad. We actually have a lot of fun down here. You a drinkin' man?"

John:    "Sure, I love to drink."

Demon: "Well, you're gonna love Mondays then. On Mondays, that's all we do, is drink. Whiskey, tequila, vodka, beer...We drink till we throw up and then drink some more."

John:  "Gee, that sounds great!"

Demon: "You a smoker?"

John:    "You better believe it."

Demon: "Allright! You're gonna love Tuesday. We get the finest cigars from around the world and smoke our lungs out. If you get cancer, it's ok, you're already dead!"

John:    "Golly"

Demon: "I bet you like to gamble."

John:    "Yes, as a matter of fact, I do."

Demon: "Good, because Wednesday is gambling day. Craps, blackjack, horse races, you name it."

John:    "Wow!"

Demon: "You like to use drugs?"

John:    "Well, I love to use drugs. You don't mean..." 

Demon: "That's right! Thursday is drug day. Help yourself to a great big bowl of crack. Smoke a doobie the size of a submarine. You can use all the drugs you want, and if you overdose, it's ok... You're already dead!" 

John:    "Neat! I never realized hell was such a swingin' place!"

Demon: "You gay?"

John:    "Uhhhhh, no!!"

Demon: "Ohhhh.... you're gonna hate Fridays...."Two guys are moving about in a Walmart  when their carts collide.

One says to the other, "Excuse me, but I'm looking for my wife."

"What a coincidence, so am I, and I'm getting a little desperate."

"Well, maybe I can help you. What does your wife look like?"

"She's tall, with dark hair, long legs, firm boobs, and a tight ass.

What's your wife look like?"

"Never mind, let's look for yours!This will warm your heart, just when you have lost faith in human kindness....

Dear Safety Harbor Middle School,

God bless you for the beautiful radio I won at your recent senior citizens luncheon. I am 84 years old and live at the Safety Harbor Assisted Home for the Aged. All of my family has passed away.  I am all alone now and it's nice to know that someone is thinking of me. God bless you for your kindness to an old forgotten lady. My roommate is 95 and always had her own radio, but before I received one, she would never let me listen to hers, even when she was napping.  The other day her radio fell off the night stand and broke into a lot of pieces. It was awful and she was in tears. She asked if she could listen to mine, and I said kiss my ass. Thank you for that opportunity.

Sincerely,

Edna WaltersHickory, Dickory Dock
Three mice ran up the clock
The clock struck one...

The rest got away with minor injuriesA rookie pitcher was struggling at the mound, so the catcher walked up to have a talk with him.  

"I've figured out your problem," he told the young southpaw.  "You always lose control at the same point in every game."
   
"When is that?"
   
"Right after the National Anthem."A woman walks into a vet's waiting room. She's dragging a wet rabbit on a leash. The rabbit does NOT want to be there.

"Sit, Fluffy," she says.

Fluffy glares at her, sopping wet, jumps up on another customer's lap, getting water all over him.

"I said 'SIT'! Now there's a good Fluffy," says the woman, slightly embarrassed.

Fluffy, wet already, squats in the middle of the room and pees. The woman, mortally embarrassed, shouts, "Darn it Fluffy, will you be good?!"

Fluffy then starts a fight with a Doberman and pursues it out of the office.

As the woman leaves to go after it, she turns to the rest of the flabbergasted customers and says, "Pardon me, I've just washed my hare and I can't do a thing with it!Mrs. O'Donovan was walking down O'Connell Street in Dublin, and coming in the opposite direction was Father O'Rafferty.

"Hello," said the Father, "And how is Mr. O'Donovan?  Didn't I marry you two years ago?"

She replied, "You did that, Father." 

"And are there any little ones yet?" 

"No, not yet, Father," she said 

"Well now, I'm going to Rome next week, and I'll light a candle for you." 

"Oh, thank you, Father," and away she went.

Several years later they met again.

"Well now, Mrs. O'Donovan," said the Father, "how are you?"

"Oh, very well," said she.

"And tell me," he said, "have you any little ones yet?"

"Oh yes, Father. I've had three sets of twins, and four singles -- ten in all."

"Now isn't that wonderful?" he said, "and how is your wonderful husband?"

"Oh," she said, "he's gone to Rome to blow out your damned candle!"An old man in his eighties got up and was putting on his coat, when his wife said, "Where are you going?"

The elderly man replied, "To the doctor's."

Surprised, his wife asked "Why, are you sick?"

"No," he said, "I'm going to get me some of those new Viagra pills."

With that, his equally elderly wife got up out of her rocker and started putting on her sweater.

Surprised, he asked, "Where are you going?"

"I'm going to the doctor, too."

"Why?"

She said, matter-of-factly, "If you're going to start using that rusty old thing again, I'm going to get a tetanus shot."Two hunters went moose hunting every winter without success. Finally, they came up with a fool-proof plan. They got a very authentic female moose costume and learned the mating call of a female moose. The plan was to hide in the costume, lure the bull, then come out of the costume and shoot it. They set themselves up on the edge of a clearing, donned their costume, and began to give the moose love call.

Before long, their call was answered as a bull came crashing out of the forest and into the clearing. When the bull was close enough, the guy in front said, "Okay, let's get out and get him."

After a moment that seemed like an eternity, the guy in the back shouted, "The zipper is stuck! What are we going to do?"

The guy in the front said, "Well, I'm going to start nibbling grass, but you'd better brace yourself."Love Marriage: Acceptance test possible you can try before you Buy. 

Arranged Marriage: Product is sold on an as is where is basis. Product once sold will not be taken back! 


Arranged Marriage is like Unix..boring n colorless... still extremely reliable n robust. 

Love Marriage is like Windows, beautiful n seductive........ yet one never knows when it will crash........A passenger jet was suffering through a severe thunderstorm. As the passengers were being bounced around by the turbulence, a young woman turned to a minister sitting next to her and with a nervous laugh asked,

"Reverend, you're a man of God, can't you do something about this storm?"

To which he replied, "Lady, I'm in sales, not management."A father watched his daughter playing in the garden. He smiled as he reflected on how sweet and innocent his little girl was.

He went over to her and noticed she was looking at two spiders mating. "Daddy, what are those two spiders doing?" she asked. "They're mating," her father replied. "What do you call the spider on top, Daddy?" she asked. "That's a daddy longlegs," her father answered. "So, the other one is a mommy longlegs?" the little girl asked.

"No," her father replied. "Both of them are daddy longlegs." The little girl thought for a moment, then took her foot and stomped them flat. "Well, we're not having THAT sort of thing going on in our garden".I read this article that said the typical symptoms of stress are eating too much, impulse buying and driving too fast. Are they kidding? That is my idea of a perfect day.

Skinny people say things like "You know sometimes I forget to eat!" Now,I've forgotten my address, my mother's maiden name, and my keys. But I've never forgotten to eat. You have to be a special kind of stupid to forget to eat.

A friend of mine confused her valium with her birth control pills. She had 14 kids but didn't care.

They keep telling us to get in touch with our bodies. Mine isn't all that communicative but I heard from it the other day after I said, "Body, how'd you like to go to the six o'clock class in vigorous toning?" Clear as a bell my body said, "Listen girlfriend...do it and you die."

I know what Victoria's secret is: Nobody older than 30 can fit into their stuff.

"If men can run the world, why can't they stop wearing neckties? How intelligent is it to start the day by tying a noose around your neck?"A circus owner ran an ad for a lion tamer, and two young people showed up. One was a good-looking lad in his mid-twenties, and the other was a gorgeous blonde about the same age.

The circus owner told them, "I'm not going to sugarcoat it. This is one ferocious lion. He ate my last tamer, so you guys better be good or you're history. Here's your equipment: chair, whip, and a gun. Who wants to try out first?"

The girl said, "I'll go first." She walked past the chair, the whip, and the gun and stepped right into the lion's cage. The lion started to snarl and pant and began to charge her. About half way there, she threw open her coat revealing her beautiful naked body.

The lion stopped dead in his tracks, sheepishly crawled up to her, and started licking her ankles. He continued to lick her calves, kissed them, and then rested his head at her feet.

The circus owner's mouth was on the floor. He said, "I've never seen a display like that in my life." He then turned to the young man and asked, "Can you top that?"

The young man replied, "No problem, just get that lion out of the way."An old country doctor went way out to the boondocks to deliver a baby. It was so far out, there was no electricity. When the doctor arrived, no one was home except for the laboring mother and her 5-year-old child.

The doctor instructed the child to hold a lantern high so he could see, while he helped the woman deliver the baby. The child did so, the mother pushed and after a little while, the Doctor lifted the newborn baby by the feet and spanked him on the bottom to get him to take his first breath. The doctor then asked the 5-year-old what he thought of the baby. "Hit him again," the 5-year-old said. "He shouldn't have crawled up there in the first place!"A woman was sitting at a bar enjoying an after-work cocktail with her girlfriends when an exceptionally tall, handsome, extremely sexy young man entered. He was so striking that the woman could not take her eyes away from him.

The young man noticed her overly-attentive stare and walked directly toward her. Before she could offer her apologies for being so rude, the young man said to her, "I'll do anything, absolutely anything, that you want me to do, no matter how kinky, for $20, on one condition."

Flabbergasted, the woman asked, "What is the condition?"

The young man replied, "You have to tell me what you want me to do in just three words."

The woman considered his proposition for a moment, reached into her purse and slowly counted out four $5 bills, which she pressed into the young man's hand along with her address. She looked deeply into his eyes, and slowly, meaningfully said...

"Clean my house..."A recently divorced woman is walking along the beach contemplating how badly screwed she got over the divorce settlement, when she spies a magic lamp washing up onshore. She rubs the lamp, and out pops a magical genie!! The genie notices her anger and lets her vent her troubles to him. As a consolation, the genie informs that he will give her three wishes. But, he cautions her that because he does not believe in divorce, he will give her ex-husband ten times the amount of whatever she wishes. 

The woman is steaming mad, thinking that this is hardly fair, but she makes her first wish. The first wish was for a billion dollars. The genie grants her wish and she finds herself sitting in pile of one billion one-dollar bills. The genie then reminds her that her husband is now the recipient of 10 billion dollars. 

The woman can barely contain her anger when she makes her second wish. The second wish was for a beautiful mansion on the shore of her own private beach. In an instant it was granted, but the genie then reminds again that her ex-husband now owns ten of what she wished for, and points out the beach to a small development of ten such mansions. Upon hearing this, the woman takes her time to contemplate her last wish. 

 Just as the genie was about to give up on her, the woman informs the genie that she wants to make the last wish. But, before she can do this, the genie again warns her that her ex-husband will get ten times what she wishes for. 

 No problem, said the woman as she grinned in ecstasy. For my last wish... 

 "I'd like to give birth to twins".Two good old boys, Bubba and Junior have been promoted from Privates to Sergeants. Not long after, they're out for a walk and Bubba says,

"Hey, Junior, there's the NCO Club. Let's you and me stop in and have a drink."

"But we's privates," protests Junior.

"We's sergeants now," says Bubba, pulling him inside.

"Now, Junior, I'm gonna sit down and have me a drink."

"But, we's privates," says Junior.

"You blind, boy?" asks Bubba, pointing at his stripes. "We's Sergeants now."

So they order their drinks and pretty soon a hooker comes up to Bubba.

"You're cute," she says, "and I'd like to take you someplace and make you feel good -- but I've got a bad case of gonorrhea."

Bubba pulls his friend to the side and whispers,

"Junior, go look in the dictionary and see what gonorrhea means. If it's okay, give me the okay sign."

Junior goes to look it up, comes back and gives Bubba the big okay sign.

Three weeks later Bubba is laid up in the infirmary with a terrible case of gonorrhea.

"Junior," he says, "What you give me the okay for?"

"Well Bubba, in the dictionary, it says gonorrhea only affects the privates." Then he pointed to his stripes and says, "But we's Sergeants now!Sadie: "That nice Morris Finkleman asked me out for a date. I know you went out with him last week, and I wanted to talk with you about him before I give him my answer." 

Yetta: "Vell.... I'll tell you. He shows up at my apartment punctual like a clock. An like such a mench he is dressed. Fine suit, wonderful lining. And he brings me such beautiful flowers you could die from. Then he takes me downstairs, and what's there but such a beautiful car....a limousine even, uniformed chauffeur and all. Then he takes me out for a dinner..... Marvelous dinner. Lobster even. Den ve go see a show.... let me tell you Sadie, I enjoyed it so much I could just die from pleasure! So then we are coming back to my apartment, and into an ANIMAL he turns. Completely crazy, he tears off my expensive new dress and has his way with me two times!" 

Sadie: "Oy! Vey... so you are telling me I shouldn't go out with him?" 

Yetta: "No..I'm just saying that if you go, wear an old dress."Mom was cleaning the house when she found her son's hidden stash of S&M and sexual bondage magazines.

Naturally, she was very upset and she didn't know what to do. So, she waited until her husband got home to discuss it with him.

After she showed him the magazines, she asked him, "Well, what are you going to do about it?"

"I don't know what to do." he told her. "I really don't think I should give him a spanking for this!"It was visitor's day at the lunatic asylum. All the inmates were standing in the courtyard and singing "Ave Maria," and singing it beautifully. Oddly, each of them was holding a red apple in one hand and tapping it rhythmically with a pencil.

A visitor listened in wonderment to the performance and then approached the choir. "I am a retired choir director," he said. "This is one of the best choirs I have ever heard."

"Yes, I'm very proud of them," said the conductor.

"You should take them on tour," said the visitor. "What are they called?"

"Surely that's obvious," replied the conductor. "They are the 'Moron Tapanapple Choir'."See if you can do this: Read each line aloud

This is this cat
This is is cat
This is how cat
This is to cat
This is keep cat
This is a cat
This is dumbass cat
This is busy cat
This is for cat
This is forty cat
This is seconds cat

Now go back and read the THIRD word in each line from the top.A defense attorney was cross-examining a police officer during a felony trial it went like this:

Q. Officer, did you see my client fleeing the scene?
A. No sir, but I subsequently observed a person matching the description of the offender running several blocks away.

Q. Officer, who provided this description?
A. The officer who responded to the scene.  A fellow officer provided the description of this so-called offender.

Q. Do you trust your fellow officers?
A. Yes sir, with my life.

Q. With your life?  Let me ask you this then officer - do you have a locker room in the police station - a room where you change your clothes in preparation for your daily duties?
A. Yes sir, we do.

Q. And do you have a locker in that room?
A. Yes sir, I do.

Q. And do you have a lock on your locker?
A. Yes sir.

Q. Now why is it, officer, if you trust your fellow officers with your life, that you find it necessary to lock your locker in a room you share with those same officers?
A. You see sir, we share the building with a court complex, and sometimes lawyers have been known to walk through that room.

With that, the courtroom erupted in laughter, and a prompt recess was called.

The officer on the stand has been nominated for this year's "Best comeback" line and we think he'll win.A farmer lived on a quiet rural highway. But as time went by, the traffic slowly built up to an alarming rate. The traffic was so heavy and so fast that his chickens were being run over at a rate of three to six a day. So one day he called the sheriff's office and said, "You've got to do something about all of these people driving so fast and killing all of my chickens."

"What do you want me to do?" asked the sheriff.

"I don't care, just do something about those drivers!"

So the next day he had the county workers go out and erect a sign that said: SLOW: SCHOOL CROSSING

Three days later, the farmer called the sheriff and said, "You've got to do something about these drivers. The 'school crossing' sign seems to make them go faster."

So, again, the sheriff sends out the county workers and they put up a new sign: SLOW: CHILDREN AT PLAY

And that really sped them up. So the farmer called and called and called every day for three weeks. Finally, he asked the sheriff, "Your signs are doing no good. Is it all right for me to put up my own sign?"

The sheriff told him, "Sure thing, put up your own sign." He was going to let the farmer do just about anything in order to have him stop calling. Well, the sheriff got no more calls from the farmer.

Three weeks after the farmer's last call, the sheriff decided to call him. "How's the problem with those drivers. Did you put up your sign?"

"Oh, I sure did. And not one chicken has been killed since then. I've got to go, I'm very busy," and he hung up the phone.

The sheriff thought to himself, "I'd better go to that farmer's house and look at that sign. There might be something there that WE could use to slow down drivers."

So the sheriff drove out to the farmer's house, and he saw the sign. It was a whole sheet of plywood, and written in large yellow letters were the words:

SLOW: NUDIST COLONYThere is a man in his back yard trying to fly a kite. He throws the kite up in the air, the wind catches it for a few seconds then it comes crashing back down. He tries this a few more times all the while his wife is watching from her kitchen window. Muttering to herself how men need to be told how to do everything she opens the window and yells to her husband "You need more tail." 

The man turns with a confused look on his face and says, "Make up your mind, Honey.  Last night you told me to go fly a kite!"A little boy asked his mother:

Mummy, why are you white and I am black?

Don't even ask me that, when I remember that party..., you are lucky that you don't bark.I went to the store the other day and I was in there for only about 5 minutes. When I came out there was a motorcycle cop writing a parking ticket. So I went up to him and said "Come on, buddy, how about giving me a break?" He ignored me and continued writing the ticket. So I called him a pencil-necked Nazi. He glared at me and started writing another ticket for worn tires! So I called him a piece of horse shit. He finished the second ticket and put it on the windshield with the first. Then he started writing a third ticket! This went on for about 20 minutes; the more I abused him, the more tickets he wrote. I didn't care. My car was parked around the corner. I try to have a little fun each day. It's important.A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde were on their way to Heaven. God told them that the stairway to Heaven was 1000 steps, and that on every 5th step He would tell them a joke. He told them not to laugh at any of the jokes along the way or else they would not be able to enter Heaven. The brunette went first and started laughing on the 45th step, so she could not enter Heaven. The redhead went next and started laughing on the 200th step, so she could not enter Heaven either. Then, it was the blonde's turn. When she got to the 999th step, she started laughing. "Why are you laughing?" God asked. "I didn't tell a joke." "I know," the blonde replied. "I just got the first joke."A blond named Pam is appearing on "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" with Regis Philbin

Regis: "Pam, you're up to $500,000 with one lifeline left: phone a friend. If you get it right, the next question is worth one million dollars. If you get it wrong, you drop back to $32,000.  Are you ready?" 

Pam: "Yes."

Regis: "Which of the following birds does not build its own nest? Is it A) robin, B) sparrow, C) cuckoo, or D) thrush."

Pam: "I'd like to phone a friend. I'd like to call Carol."

Carol (also a blond) answers the phone: "Hello?"

Regis: "Hello Carol, it's Regis Philbin from Who Wants to be a Millionaire. I have your friend Pam here who needs your help to answer the one million dollar question. The next voice you hear will be Pam's..."

Pam: "Carol, which of the following birds does not build it's own nest? Is it A) robin, B) sparrow, C) cuckoo, or D) thrush."

Carol: "Oh geez, Pam. That's simple. It's a cuckoo." 

Pam: "Are you sure?" Carol: "I'm sure." 

Regis: "Pam, you heard Carol. Do you keep the $500,000 or play for the million?"

Pam: "I want to play; I'll go with C) cuckoo."

Regis:" Is that your final answer?"

Pam: "Yes."

Regis: "Are you confident?"

Pam: "Yes; I think Carol's pretty smart." 

Regis: "You said C) cuckoo... And you're right! Congratulations, you have just won ONE MILLION DOLLARS!"

To celebrate, Pam flies Carol to New York. That night they go out on the town. As they're sipping champagne, Pam looks at Carol and asks her," Tell me, how did you know that it was the cuckoo that does not build its own nest?"

Pam, "it was easy," replies her (blond) friend. "Everybody knows that cuckoos live in clocks.""Dad," said Little Johnny, "I'm late for football practice. Would you please do my homework for me?"

Little Johnny's father said irately, "Son, it just wouldn't be right." 

"That's okay," replied Little Johnny "You could at least give it a try, couldn't you?"Mary was having a tough day and had stretched herself out on the couch to do a bit of what she thought to be well-deserved complaining and self- pitying. She moaned to her mom and brother, "Nobody loves me ... the whole world hates me!" 

Her brother, busily occupied playing a game, hardly looked up at her and passed on this encouraging word: "That's not true, Mary. Some people don't even know you."Want to hear a clean joke? Bob took a bath with bubbles.

Want to hear a dirty joke? Bubbles is Bobs neighbor.There are two men in a restroom, in stalls directly next to each other.

Man #1 says "Hi there."

Man #2, trying not to be rude, says, "Um...Hi"

After a short silence, Man #1 speaks again saying, "So, how are things?"

Man #2 replies, "Good.... I guess."

Man #1 says, "Okay, honey, I have to go now, every time I talk to you on my phone this guy answers, bye."Two little boys were looking for a way to cool off on a hot summer day.

Their dad wouldn't let them play in the sprinkler because he was mowing the lawn, so the boys set out to find a way to get wet and cool without getting into trouble.

They sat on the curb brainstorming the solution, when suddenly one of them jumped up and declared, "I know! Let's get baptized!"

Well, both boys had seen enough to know that you can get wet at a baptism, so they trotted on down to the church on the corner and told the pastor they wanted to get baptized.  

The irritated pastor finally relented after about 10 minutes of begging, and he finally dragged the boys to the men's room and dunked them both head first into the toilet, then sent them on their way.

The boys sat on the curb, slightly disappointed with the whole adventure, when one of them asked the other, "Hey, what religion are we now?"  

"I don't know," replied the other.  "If we were Baptists, he
would have filled up the big tub and dunked our whole body like he did for Uncle Jim, and if we were Catholic, he would have poured it on our heads from a pitcher..."

They sat and thought about it for a while longer when the first one said in a small voice, "Since he stuck our head in the toilet, I think that it means that we're 'pisscapalian."President Clinton and the Pope died on the same day, and due to an administrative foul up, Clinton was sent to heaven and the Pope was sent to hell.

The Pope explained the situation to the devil, he checked out all of the paperwork, and the error was acknowledged. The Pope was told, however, that it would take about 24 hours to fix the problem and correct the error. 

The next day, the Pope was called in and the devil said his good byes as he went off to heaven. On his way up, he met Clinton who was on his way down. They stopped to chat. 

"Sorry about the mix up" says the Pope. 

"No problem," replies Clinton. 

"Well, I'm really excited about going to heaven." 

Clinton asks, "Why's that?" 

"Well, I've always wanted to meet the Virgin Mary." 

President Clinton replies, "Sorry, but you're a day late".As the crowded elevator descended, Mrs. Silverman became increasingly furious with her husband, who was delighted to be pressed against a gorgeous young blonde woman.

As the elevator stopped at the main floor, the blonde suddenly whirled, slapped Mr. Silverman, and said, "That will teach you to pinch!"

Bewildered, Mr. Silverman was halfway to the parking lot with his wife when he choked, "I . . . didn't pinch that girl."

"Of course you didn't," replied his wife, consolingly. "I did."Q: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?

A: Halfway.Three guys were working on a high rise building project: Steve, Bill and Charlie. Steve falls off and is killed instantly. As the ambulance takes the body away, Charlie says, "Someone should go and tell his wife."

Bill says, "OK, I'm pretty good at that sensitive stuff, I'll do it."

2 hours later, he comes back carrying a 6-pack. Charlie says, "Where did you get that, Bill?"

"Steve's wife gave it to me."

"That's unbelievable, you told the lady her husband was dead and she gave you the beer?"

Bill says, "Well not exactly. When she answered the door, I said to her, 'You must be Steve's widow.'"

She said, "'No, I'm not a widow."

And I said, "Wanna bet me a six-pack?"A dietician was once addressing a large audience in Chicago. "The
material we put into our stomachs is enough to have killed most of
us sitting here, years ago. 

"Red meat is awful. Soft drinks erode your stomach lining. Chinese
food is loaded with MSG. Vegetables can be disastrous, and none of
us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking
water.

"But there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and we all
have, or will, eat it. Can anyone here tell me what food it is that
causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?" 

A old man in the front row stood up and said, "Wedding cake!""Doc, I think my son has VD," a patient told his urologist on the phone. "The only woman he's screwed is our maid."

"Okay, don't be hard on him. He's just a kid," the medic soothed. "Get him in here right away and I'll take care of him."

"But I've been screwing the maid too, and I've got the same symptoms he has."

"Then you come in with him and I'll fix you both up," replied the doctor.

"Well," the man admitted, "I think my wife has it too."

"Oh crap!" the physician roared. "That means we've all got it!"A young ensign had nearly completed his first overseas tour of duty when he was given an opportunity to display his ability at getting the ship under way. With a stream of crisp commands, he had the decks buzzing with men and soon, the ship had left port and was steaming out of the channel.  The ensign's efficiency has been remarkable. In fact, the deck was abuzz with talk that he had set a new record for getting a destroyer under way. The ensign glowed at his accomplishment and was not all surprised when another seaman approached him with a message from the captain. He was, however, a bit surprised to find that it was a radio message, and he was even more surprised when he read, "My personal congratulations upon completing your underway preparation exercise according to the book and with amazing speed. In your haste, however, you have overlooked one of the unwritten rules - make sure the captain is aboard before getting under way."I cannot see,
I cannot pee;
I cannot chew,
I cannot screw;
Oh, my God, what can I do?
My memory shrinks,
My hearing stinks,
No sense of smell -
I look like hell
My mood is bad - can you tell?
My body's drooping,
Have trouble pooping;
The Golden Years have come at last -
The Golden years can kiss my assA customer sent an order to a distributor for a large amount of goods totaling a great deal of money. The distributor noticed that the previous bill hadn't been paid. The collections manager left a voice-mail for them saying, "We can't ship your new order until you pay for the last one."

The next day the collections manager received a collect phone call, "Please cancel the order. We can't wait that long."Sometimes women are overly suspicious of their husbands. 

When Adam stayed out very late for a few nights, Eve became upset. 

"You're running around with other women," she charged. 

"You're  being unreasonable," Adam responded. "You're the only woman on earth." 

The quarrel continued  until Adam fell asleep, only to be awakened by someone poking him in the chest. It was Eve. 

"What do you think you're doing?" Adam demanded. 

"Counting your ribs," said Eve.The minister was passing a group of young teens sitting on the Church lawn and stopped to ask what they were doing.

"Nothing much, Pastor," replied one boy. "We were just seeing who can tell the biggest lie about their sex life."

"Boys, boys, boys!" he scolded. "I'm shocked. When I was your age, I never even thought about sex."

In unison they all replied, "You win!"On wall in ladies room: "My husband follows me everywhere."

Written just below it: "I do not."In a recent FDA study, the United States government doctors  who were conducting studies on test drugs administered weekly doses of VIAGRA to an equal number of doctors and lawyers.

While the majority of the doctors achieved enhanced sexual prowess, the lawyers simply grew taller.

The researchers are at a loss to explain the phenomenon.Harry walks into his supervisor's office.  "Boss," he says, "We're doing some heavy house-cleaning at home tomorrow, and my wife needs me to help with the attic and the garage, moving and hauling stuff."

"We're short-handed, Harry," the boss replies. "I can't give you the day off."

"Thanks, boss," says Harry, "I knew I could count on you!"One day, this man, Tony, died. When he was sent to be judged, he was told that he had committed a sin, and that he could not go to heaven right away. He asked what he did and God told him that he cheated on his income taxes, and that the only way he could get into heaven would be to sleep with a 500 pound, stupid, butt-ugly woman for the next five years and enjoy it. Tony decided that this was a small price to pay for an eternity in heaven, so off he went with this enormous woman, pretending to be happy.

As he was walking along, he saw his friend Carlos up ahead. Carlos was with an even bigger, uglier woman than he was with. When he approached Carlos he asked him what was going on, and Carlos replied, "I cheated on my income taxes and scammed the government out of a lot of money...even more then you did."

They both shook their heads in understanding and figured that as long as they have to be with these women, they might as well hang out together to help pass the time.

Now Tony, Carlos, and their two beastly women were walking along, minding their own business when Tony and Carlos could have sworn that they saw their friend Jon up ahead, only this man was with an absolutely drop dead gorgeous supermodel/centerfold. Stunned, Tony and Carlos approached the man and in fact it was their friend Jon. They asked him how is he with this unbelievable goddess, while they were stuck with these god-awful women.

Jon replied, "I have no idea, and I'm definitely not complaining. This has been absolutely the best time of my life (and I'm dead,) and I have five years of the best sex any man could hope for to look forward to. There is only one thing that I can't seem to understand.

After every time we have sex, she rolls over and murmurs to herself, "Damn income taxes!"A somewhat advanced society has figured how to package basic knowledge in pill form. A student, needing some learning, goes to the pharmacy and asks what kind of knowledge pills are available. The pharmacist says, "Here's a pill for English literature." The student takes the pill and swallows it and has new knowledge about English literature!

"What else do you have?" asks the student.

"Well, I have pills for art history, biology, and world history," replies the pharmacist.

The student asks for these, and swallows them and has new knowledge about those subjects. Then the student asks, "Do you have a pill for math?"

The pharmacist says, "Wait just a moment," goes back into the storeroom, brings back a whopper of a pill, and plunks it on the counter.

"I have to take that huge pill for math?" inquires the student.

The pharmacist replied, "Well, you know math always was a little hard to swallow."Snow White received a camera as a gift. She happily took many pictures of the Dwarves and their surroundings. When she finished her first batch, she took the film to be developed. After a week or so, she went to get the finished photos. The clerk said the photos were not back from the processor. Snow White was so disappointed that she started to cry. The clerk, trying to console her, said kindly, "Don't worry, someday your prints will come."A man was seen walking through downtown with a desk strapped to his back, a typewriter under one arm, and a wastebasket under the other. He was stopped by a policeman, asked what he was doing, and arrested when he replied, . . . "Impersonating an office, sir!"A golfer, encountering a genie, was granted one wish. The man thought a while and said, "Well, I've always been embarrassed by being rather small, if you know what I mean; could you make me larger?"

"Done," said the genie and disappeared.

Continuing his game, the man noticed an immediate change in his "size." Within several holes, it was down to his knee, and by the eighteenth, it had crept into his sock. After holing his final putt, the man hurriedly returned to where he'd met the genie.

"Problem?" inquired the genie.

"Yes," the man responded, "Do you think I could trouble you for one more wish?"

"And what might that be?" asked the genie.

"Could you make my legs longer?"Miss Annabell had just returned from her big trip to New York City and was having refreshments on the front porch of her daddy's mansion with her southern belle friends. She tells them the stories of her trip as they stare spellbound. "You just wouldn't believe what they have there in New York City," says Miss Annabell. "They have men there who kiss other men on the lips."

Miss Annabell's friends fan themselves and say, "Oh my! Oh my!"

"They call them homosexuals," proclaims Miss Annabell.

"Oh my! Oh my," proclaim the girls as they fan themselves.

"They also have women there in New York City who kiss other women on the lips!"

"Oh my! Oh my," exclaim the girls. "What do they call them?" they ask.

"They call them lesbians," says Miss Annabell.

"They also have men who kiss women between the legs, there in New York City," sighs Miss Annabell.

"Oh my! Oh my! Oh my," exclaim the girls as the sit on the edge of their chairs and fan themselves even faster. "What do they call them?" they ask in unison.

Miss Annabell leans forward and says in a hush, "Why when I caught my breath, I called him Precious."Q. Why don't witches like to ride their brooms when they're angry?

A. They're afraid of flying off the handle!When White man found this land, Indians were running it.
No Taxes...
No Debt...
Plenty Buffalo...

Plenty beaver!

Women did most (all) of the work.
Medicine Man free!
Indian men hunted and fished all the time!

Only White man dumb enough to think he could improve system like thatThere was a German, an Italian and a Newfie on death row. The warden gave them a choice of three ways to die..... 
1. To be shot 
2. To be hung 
3. To be injected with the AIDS virus for a slow death 

The German said, "Shoot me right in the head." Boom, he was dead instantly. 

The Italian said "Just hang me." With a snap of the rope he was dead. 

Then the Newfie said, "Give me some of that AIDS stuff." They gave him the shot and the Newfie fell down laughing. The guards looked at each other and wondered what was wrong with this guy. 

The Newfie said "Give me another one of those shots." The guards injected him again and now the Newfie was laughing so hard that tears rolled down his cheeks and he was doubled over laughing. 

Finally the warden said "What is wrong with you?" 
The Newfie replied,  "You guys are so stupid...............I'm wearing a condom."How can you tell when a lawyer is lying?
His lips are moving.If a lawyer and an IRS agent were both drowning, and you could only save one of them, would you go to lunch or read the paper?The United States Treasury has announced they are recalling the new Minnesota quarters.

We are recalling all of the new Minnesota quarters that were recently issued, Treasury Undersecretary said in a press conference Monday.

This comes in the wake of numerous reports to this agency that the quarters will not work in parking meters, toll booths, vending machines, pay phones, or other coin-operated devices. We believe the problem lies in a design flaw.

The winning design for the Minnesota quarter was submitted by Sven Petersen of New Ulm, Minnesota. Sven commented, "Apparently, da duct tape holding da two dimes ana nickel togedder keeps yamming da coin-slot."BLONDE woman goes to the post office to buy stamps for her Christmas cards.

She says to the clerk, "May I have 50 Christmas stamps?"

The clerk says, "What denomination?"

The woman says, "God help us. Has it come to this? Give me 6 Catholic, 12 Presbyterian, 10 Lutheran and 22 Baptists.There were two blondes who went deep into the woods searching for a Christmas tree.

After hours of subzero temperatures and  a few close calls with hungry wolves, one blonde turned to the other and said, "I'm chopping down the next tree I see. I don't care whether it's decorated or not!"1 When one engine fails on a twin-engine airplane you always have enough power left to get you to the scene of the crash.

2 Blue water Navy truism; There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarines in the sky.

3 Never trade luck for skill.

4 The three most common expressions (or, famous last words) in aviation are, "Why is it doing that?"; "Where are we?" and "Ooh Shit!"

5 Weather forecasts are horoscopes with numbers.

6 Progress in airline flying; Now a flight attendant can get a pilot pregnant.

7 Airspeed, altitude or brains. Two are always needed to successfully complete the flight.

8 A smooth landing is mostly luck; two in a row is all luck; three in a row is prevarication.

9 I remember when sex was safe and flying was dangerous.

10 Mankind has a perfect record in aviation; we never left one up there!

11 If the wings are traveling faster than the fuselage, it's probably a helicopter - and therefore, unsafe.

12 Flashlights are tubular metal containers kept in a flight bag for the purpose of storing dead batteries.

13 Navy carrier pilots to Air Force pilots: Flaring is like squatting to pee.

14 Flying the airplane is more important than radioing your plight to a person on the ground incapable of understanding it or doing anything about it.

15 When a flight is proceeding incredibly well, something was forgotten.

16 Just remember, if you crash because of weather, your funeral will be held on a sunny day.

17 Advice given to RAF pilots during W.W.II. When a prang (crash) seems inevitable, endeavor to strike the softest, cheapest object in the vicinity as slowly and gently as possible.

18 The Piper Cub is the safest airplane in the world; it can just barely kill you. (Attributed to Max Stanley, Northrop test pilot)

19 A pilot who doesn't have any fear probably isn't flying his plane to its maximum. (Jon McBride, astronaut)

20 If you're faced with a forced landing, fly the thing as far into the crash as possible. (Bob Hoover - renowned aerobatic pilot)

21 If an airplane is still in one piece, don't cheat on it; ride the bastard down. (Ernest K. Gann, author & aviator)

22 Though I Fly Through the Valley of Death I Shall Fear No Evil For I am at 80,000 Feet and Climbing (sign over the entrance to the SR-71 operating location Kadena, Japan).

23 You've never been lost until you've been lost at Mach 3. (Paul F. Crickmore - test pilot)

24 Never fly in the same cockpit with someone braver than you.

25 There is no reason to fly through a thunderstorm in peacetime (sign over squadron ops desk at Davis-Monthan AFB, AZ, 1970).

26 The three best things in life are a good landing, a good orgasm, and a good bowel movement. The night carrier landing is one of the few opportunities in life where you get to experience all three at the same time. (Author unknown, but someone who's been there)

27 "Now I know what a dog feels like watching TV." (A DC-9 captain trainee attempting to check out on the 'glass cockpit' of an A-320).

28 What is the similarity between air traffic controllers and pilots? If a pilot screws up, the pilot dies; if ATC screws up, the pilot dies.

29 Without ammunition the USAF would be just another expensive flying club.

30 If something hasn't broken on your helicopter, it's about to.

31 Basic Flying Rules 1. Try to stay in the middle of the air. 2. Do not go near the edges of it. 3. The edges of the air can be recognized by the appearance of ground, buildings, sea, trees and interstellar space. It is much more difficult to fly there.

32 You know that your landing gear is up and locked when it takes full power to taxi to the terminal.A man was out walking one day and went by a retirement home. As he passed the front lawn, he saw nine old ladies, basking in the sun in lounge chairs. When he looked closer, he realized that they were all stark naked. 

He went to the door and rang the bell. When the director answered the door, the man asked if he realized there were nine naked old ladies laying in the sun on the front lawn. 

The director said, "Yes," and went on to explain that the old ladies were all retired prostitutes living at the retirement home, and they were having a yard sale.The lovers passionately embraced on her bed, their bodies fused together as they gyrated to their own tattoo. 

The woman cocked her ear, "Quick! My husband's coming through the front door! Hide in the bathroom!" she cried. The lover ran into the bathroom as she hid his clothes under the bed and as she turned back, her husband came through the bedroom door. 

"What are you doing lying on the bed naked?" he asked. "Darling, I heard you coming up the drive and got ready to receive you." she replied with a knowing smile. "Great," he said, "I'll just nip into the bathroom and I'll be with you in two shakes." 

Before she could stop him, he was into the bathroom where he found a man clapping his hands together in mid-air. "Who the devil are you!" the husband demanded. "I'm from the exterminator company. Your wife called me in to get rid of these pesky moths," the lover replied. 

"But..but you've got no clothes on?" stammered the husband. The lover looked down and jumped backwards in surprise and said, "The little bastards!"What is a cat? 

1.  Cats do what they want. 
2.  They rarely listen to you. 
3.  They're totally unpredictable. 
4.  They whine when they are not happy. 
5.  When you want to play, they want to be alone. 
6.  When you want to be alone, they want to play. 
7.  They expect you to cater to their every whim. 
8.  They're moody. 
9.  They leave hair everywhere. 
10. They drive you nuts and cost an arm and a leg. 
Conclusion: They're tiny women in little fur coats.

What is a dog?

1.  Dogs lie around all day, sprawled on the most comfortable piece of furniture in the house. 
2.  They can hear a package of food opening half a block away, but don't hear you when you're in the same room. 
3.  They can look dumb and lovable all at the same time. 
4.  They growl when they are not happy. 
5.  When you want to play, they want to play. 
6.  When you want to be alone, they want to play. 
7.  They are great at begging. 
8.  They will love you forever if you rub their tummies. 
9.  They leave their toys everywhere. 
10. They do disgusting things with their mouths and then try to give you a kiss. 

Conclusion: They're tiny men in little fur coats.Tired of having to stare at the luscious young kitten on the other side of the chain link fence, bold Tommy Tomcat decided to visit her one day. Settling back on his haunches, he gave a mighty leap and landed on the other side; impressed, the lovely cat sauntered over. 

"That was quite a leap," she remarked. "Want to go somewhere and cuddle?" 

"Afraid not," said Tommy, a pained expressions on his face. "The fence was higher than I thought."Three Irishmen, Paddy, Sean and Seamus, were stumbling home from the pub late one night and found themselves on the road which led past the old graveyard. "Come have a look over here," says Paddy, "It's Michael O'Grady's grave, God bless his soul. He lived to the ripe old age of 87."

"That's nothing," says Sean, "here's one named Patrick O'Tool. It says here that he was 95 when he died."

Just then, Seamus yells out, "Good God, here's a fella that got to be 145!"

"What was his name?" asks Paddy.

Seamus stumbles around a bit, awkwardly lights a match to see what else is written on the stone marker, and exclaims, "Miles, from Dublin."A woman was having a terrible time sleeping. Her large dog, which slept in the bedroom with her and her husband, snored like a buzz saw. She contacted the Vet who told her of an old remedy that was handed down to him by an old Southern lady. He said when the dog began to snore, tie a ribbon around the dog's testicles.

Hoping for a good night sleep, she looked into her sewing kit and found a short piece of red ribbon and placed it on the night stand. When the dog began to snore she got up and delicately tied the red ribbon around the dog's testicles. The dog immediately stopped snoring and stayed asleep. Amazing she thought, and quickly went back to sleep.

Later that evening, her husband came home from a night out with the boys, stumbled into the bedroom and after undressing, flopped into bed. He immediately began to snore loudly, waking his wife. She reasoned that if it worked for the dog, maybe it would work for her husband. She got up and went to her sewing kit where she found a length of blue ribbon. Quietly and softly she tied the ribbon around her husbands testicles and he immediately quit snoring. She was amazed again and promptly returned to sleep.

The next morning the husband awoke with a terrible hangover and as he stepped into the bathroom to relieve himself saw the blue ribbon around his testicles. As he walked into the bedroom, he saw the red ribbon around the dog's testicles. Through his haze, he muttered off-handedly to the dog, "I don't know what we did last night, but at least we finished first and second."The long term implications of drug research and medical procedures must be fully considered.

Because over the past few years, more money has been spent on breast implants and Viagra than is spent on Alzheimer's Disease research.

Medical researchers believe that by the year 2030 there will be a significant number of people wandering around with huge breasts and erections who can't remember what to do with them.Two tall trees, a birch and a beech, are growing in the woods. A small tree begins to grow between them. The beech says to the birch: "Is that a son of a beech or a son of a birch?" 

The birch says it cannot tell. Just then a woodpecker lands on the sapling. The birch says, "Woodpecker, you are a tree expert. Can you tell if that is a son of a beech or a son of a birch?" 

The woodpecker takes a taste of the small tree and replies: "It is neither a son of a beech nor a son of a birch. It is, however, the best piece of ash I have ever put my pecker in!"A group of 3rd, 4th and 5th graders, accompanied by two female teachers, went on a field trip to the local racetrack to learn about thoroughbred horses and the supporting industry, but mostly to see the horses.

When it was time to take the children to the bathroom it was decided that the girls would go with one teacher and the boys would go with the other.

The teacher assigned to the boys was waiting outside the men's room when one of the boys came out and told her that none of them could reach the urinal. Having no choice, she went inside, helped the boys with their pants, and began hoisting the little boys up one by one--holding onto their "weewees" to direct the flow away from their clothes.

As she lifted one, she couldn't help but notice that he was unusually well endowed. Trying not to show that she was staring, the teacher said, "You must be in the 5th."

"No, ma'am," he replied. "I'm the jockey riding Silver Arrow in the 4th but thanks for the lift.If however you do need to take Viagra, remember to
swallow them quickly otherwise you'll get a stiff neck.

A shipment of Viagra was highjacked today. Police have 
put out an All-Points bulletin: Be on the lookout for 
two hardened criminals!

They will face a stiff sentence when convicted and they'll 
surely be sent to a Penal Institution.Top 10 Summer Camps you should not send your kids to:

10. Tommy Lee's---------- Camp Kickachickee
9. Lorena Bobbit's------ Camp Cutaweewee
8. Tanya Harding's------ Camp Wackaneenee
7. Kenneth Star's------- Camp Catchacrookee
6. Louis Farakahn's----- Camp Killawhitey
5. O.J. Simpson's------- Camp Killachickee
4. Michael Jackson's---- Camp Wannabewhitey
3. President Clinton's-----Camp Getahoochie
2. Ellen Degeneras's-------Camp Lickacoochie

And the number one camp not to send your kid to:

1. Monica Lewinsky's---- Camp SuckapeepeeKnock-Knock
Why are you knocking? I've got a doorbellTwo best friends were staying at a hotel.Their room was on the tenth floor. One day, because the lift was under repair, they started climbing the stairs. On reaching the first floor, one friend remembered something and said -
 
First Friend : Hey listen! I want to tell you something.

Second Friend : Go on, speak.

First friend : No, no, you may get angry. I'll tell you later.

This conversation happened whenever they reached a floor.

Finally,when they reached in front of their room -

First Friend : Hey listen! I want to tell you something.

Second Friend (irritated) : Please speak then.

First Friend : Friend,we forgot to collect the keys from the desk.One night a man knocked at the doctor's door. When the door opened -

Doctor : What is the matter?

The man : Doctor,a dog bit my leg.

Doctor : Don't you know that I don't see patients after 9 pm?

The man : I know that very well.Perhaps the dog was not aware of it.Once there was a mad scientist who worked by himself in his laboratory. He was so lonely that one day, he decided to clone himself. Everything worked perfectly, except that the clone had a very foul mouth. The scientist worked with the clone, but alas, he could not make the clone clean up his language. He got so tired of the clone's language that one day he pushed him off the end of a cliff. 

A policeman rushed up to him, and yelled "You are under arrest!"

"What for?" the mad scientist asked.

And the policeman answered:

For making an obscene clone fall.A local law enforcement officer stops a car for traveling faster than the posted speed limit. Since he's in a good mood that day he decides to give the poor fellow a break and write him out a warning instead of a ticket.

So, he asks the man his name.

"Fred," he replies. Fred what?" the officer asks.

"Just Fred," the man responds.

When the officer presses him for a last name, the man tells him that he used to have a last name but lost it. The officer thinks he has a nut case on his hands but plays along with it.

"Tell me Fred, how did you lose your last name?"

The man replies, "It's a long story so stay with me. I was born Fred Dingaling. I know, funny last name. The kids used to tease me all the time. So I stayed to myself. I studied hard and got good grades. When I got older I realized that I wanted to be a doctor.

"I went through college, medical school, internship, residency, finally got my degree so I was Fred Dingaling, MD. After a while I got bored being a doctor so I decided to go back to school.

"Dentistry was my dream. Got all the way through school, got my degree so I was now Fred Dingaling MD DDS. Got bored doing dentistry so I started fooling around with my assistant. She gave me VD. So, I was Fred Dingaling MD DDS with VD.

"Well, the ADA found out about the VD so they took away my DDS so I was Fred Dingaling MD with VD. Then the AMA found out about the ADA taking away my DDS because of the VD, so they took away my MD leaving me as Fred Dingaling with VD. Then the VD took away my dingaling so now I'm just Fred."

The officer walked away in tears laughing so hard and tore up the Warning Ticket.Need help coming up with that perfect ditty for your better (or worse) half? Perhaps these will help inspire you!

--These are entries to a competition asking for a rhyme with the most romantic first line but least romantic second line:

Love may be beautiful, love may be bliss 
but I only slept with you, cause I was pissed

Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, so are you. 
But the roses are wilting, the violets are dead, the sugar bowl is empty and so is your head

Of loving beauty you float with grace 
If only you could hide your face

I thought that I could love no other 
Until, that is, I met your brother

Kind, intelligent, loving and hot 
This describes everything you are not

I want to feel your sweet embrace 
But don't take that paper bag off of your face

I love your smile, your face, and your eyes- 
Damn, I'm good at telling lies!

Every time I see your face 
I wish I were in outer space

I saw your face as you walked by 
but then I saw a better guy

My darling, my lover, my beautiful wife: 
Marrying you screwed up my life

I see your face when I am dreaming 
That's why I always wake up screaming

My love you take my breath away 
What have you stepped in to smell this way?

My feelings for you no words can tell 
Except for maybe "go to hell"

What inspired this amorous rhyme? 
Two parts vodka, one part limeThis is truly a heartwarming story about the bond formed between a little girl and some construction workers. This makes you want to believe in the goodness of people and that there is hope for the human race.

A young family moved into a house next door to a vacant lot. One day a construction crew turned up to start building a house on the empty lot.

The young family's 5-year-old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers.

She hung around and eventually the construction crew, all of them gems-in-the-rough, more or less adopted her as a kind of project mascot. They chatted with her, let her sit with them while they had coffee and lunch breaks, and gave her little jobs to do here and there to make her feel important. At the end of the first week they even presented her with a pay envelope containing a dollar.

The little girl took this home to her mother who said all the appropriate words of admiration and suggested that they take the dollar pay she had received to the bank the next day to start a savings account. When they got to the bank the teller was equally impressed with the story and asked the little girl how she had come by her very own pay check at such a young age.

The little girl proudly replied, "I worked all last week with a crew building a house."

"My goodness gracious," said the teller, "and will you be working on the house again this week, too?"

The little girl replied, "I will if those useless sons-a-bitches at Home Depot ever bring us any drywall that's worth a shit!"Every 14th of February you get the chance to display your fondness for your wife or girlfriend by showering her with gifts, flowers, dinner, shows and any other baubles that women find romantic.

Secret...guys feel left out. That's right...left out. There's no special holiday for the ladies to show their appreciation for the men in their life. Men as a whole are either too proud or just too embarrassed to admit it. Which is why a new holiday has been created.

March 20th is now officially "Steak & Blowjob Day."

Simple, effective and self-explanatory...this holiday has been created so your ladies can have a day to show your man just how much you love him. No cards, no flowers, no special nights on the town-the name of the holiday explains it all...just a steak and a BJ. That's it.

This twin pairing of Valentine's Day and Steak & Blowjob Day will usher in a new age of love as men everywhere will try THAT much harder in February to ensure a more memorable March! It's like a perpetual love machine.

The word is already spreading, but as with any new idea, it needs a little push to start the ball rolling. So spread the word, and help bring love and peace to this crazy world.After a few years of married life, a man finds that he is unable to perform. He goes to his doctor, and his doctor tries a few things but nothing works. Finally the doctor says to him: "This is all in your mind," and refers him to a psychiatrist.

After a few visits, the shrink confesses: "I am at a loss as to how you could possibly be cured." Finally the psychiatrist refers him to a witch doctor.

The witch doctor says: "I can cure this." He throws some powder on a flame, and there is a flash with billowing blue smoke. The witch doctor says: "This is powerful healing, but you can only use it once a year! All you have to do is say '1-2-3' and it shall rise for as long as you wish!"

The guy then asks the witch doctor: "What happens when it's over?"

The witch doctor says: "All you or your partner has to say is '1234' and it will go down. But be warned; it will not work again for a year!"

The guy goes home and that night he is ready to surprise his wife with the good news. So, he is lying in bed with her and says: "1-2-3" and suddenly he gets an erection.

His wife turns over and says: "What did you say '1-2-3' for?"A Harvard English 101 class was asked to write a CONCISE essay containing four elements: religion, royalty, sex and mystery.

The only "A+" in the class read:

"My God," said the Queen, "I'm pregnant. I wonder who did it?"There is a new study out about women and how they feel about their ass. I thought the results were pretty interesting:

85% of women think their ass is too big...

10% of women think their ass is too little...

The other 5% say that they don't care -- they love him and would have married him anyway.Men are like ..... Laxatives ..... They irritate the shit out of you.

Men are like ... Bananas ..... The older they get, the less firm they are.

Men are like ... Vacations ..... They never seem to be long enough.

Men are like ... Weather ..... Nothing can be done to change them.

Men are like ... Blenders ..... You need one, but you're not quite sure why.

Men are like ... Chocolate Bars ... Sweet, smooth, & they usually head right for your hips.

Men are like ... Coffee ..... The best ones are rich, warm, & can keep you up all night.

Men are like ... Commercials ..... You can't believe a word they say.

Men are like ... Department Stores ...Their clothes are always 1/2 off.

Men are like ... Government Bonds ...They take soooooooo long to mature.

Men are like ... Mascara ..... They usually run at the first sign of emotion.

Men are like ... Popcorn ..... They satisfy you, but only for a little while.

Men are like ... Snowstorms ..... You never know when they're coming, how many inches you'll get or how long it will last.

Men are like ... Lava Lamps ... Fun to look at, but not very bright.

Men are like .. Parking Spots ...All the good ones are taken, the rest are handicappedI was riding to work yesterday when I observed a female driver cut right in front of a pickup truck causing him to have to drive on to the shoulder to avoid hitting her. This evidently angered the driver enough that he hung his arm out his window and flipped the woman off. 

"Man, that guy is stupid!" I thought to myself. 

I ALWAYS smile nicely and wave in a sheepish manner whenever a female does anything to me in traffic and here's why:

I drive 48 miles each way every day to work, that's 96 miles each day. 
Of these, 16 miles each way is bumper-to-bumper. 
Most of the bumper-to-bumper is on an 8 lane highway so if you just look at the 7 lanes I am not in, that means I pass something like a new car every 40 feet per lane. 
That's 7 cars every 40 feet for 32 miles. 
That works out to be 982 cars every mile, or 31,424 cars. 
Even though the rest of the 32 miles is not bumper to bumper, I figure I pass at least another 4000 cars. 
That brings the number to something like 36,000 cars I pass every day. 
Statistically, half of these are driven by females, that's 18,000.
In any given group of females 1 in 28 are having the worst day of their period. 
That's 642. 
According to Cosmopolitan, 70% describe their love life as dissatisfying or unrewarding. 
That's 449. 
According to the National Institute of Health, 22% of all females have seriously considered suicide or homicide. 
That's 98. 
And 34% describe men as their biggest problem. 
That's 33. 
According to the National Rifle Association 5% of all females carry weapons and this number is increasing. 
That means that EVERY SINGLE DAY, I drive past at least one female that has a lousy love life, thinks men are her biggest problem, has seriously considered suicide or homicide, is having the worst day of her period, and is armed. 

Flip one off? 

.....I think not.Two neighbors had been fighting each other for nigh on four decades. Bob buys a Great Dane and teaches it to use the bathroom in Bill's yard. For one whole year Bill ignores the dog. 

So Bob then buys a cow and teaches it to use the bathroom in Bill's yard. After about a year and a half of Bob's cow crapping in Bill's yard; being ignored all the while, a semi pulls up in front of Bill's house. 

Bob runs over and demands to know what's in the 18-wheeler. 

'My new pet elephant,' Bill replies solemnly."Cash, check or charge?" I asked after folding items the woman wished to purchase. As she fumbled for her wallet I notice a remote control for a television set in her purse. 

"Do you always carry your TV remote?" I asked. 

"No," she replied. "But my husband refused to come shopping with me, so I figured this was the worst thing I could do to him."I suggest you sit down and relax before reading this. Your sides will be aching before you finish.


Garden Snakes are DANGEROUS! 
Author Unknown 

Green garden grass snakes can be dangerous. Yes, grass snakes, not rattlesnakes.

A couple in Sweetwater, Texas had a lot of potted plants, and during a recent cold spell, the wife was bringing a lot of them indoors to protect them from a possible freeze.

It turned out that a little green garden grass snake was hidden in one of the plants and when it had warmed up, it slithered out and the wife saw it go under the sofa. She let out a very loud scream.

The husband, who was taking a shower, ran out into the living room naked to see what the problem was.

She told him there was a snake under the sofa. He got down on the floor on his hands and knees to look for it. About that time the family dog came and cold nosed him on the rear. He thought the snake had bitten him and he fainted.

His wife thought he had a heart attack, so she called an ambulance. The attendants rushed in and loaded him on the stretcher and started carrying him out.

About that time the snake came out from under the sofa and one of the Emergency Medical Technicians saw it and dropped his end of the stretcher. That's when the man broke his leg and why he is still in the hospital.

The wife still had the problem of the snake in the house, so she called on a neighbor man.

He volunteered to capture the snake. He armed himself with a rolled-up newspaper and began poking under the couch. Soon he decided it was gone and told the woman, who sat down on the sofa in relief.

But in relaxing, her hand dangled in between the cushion where she felt the snake wriggling around. She screamed and fainted, the snake rushed back under the sofa, and the neighbor man, seeing her laying there passed out tried to use CPR to revive her.

The neighbor's wife, who had just returned from shopping at the grocery store, saw her husband's mouth on the woman's mouth and slammed her husband on the back of the head with a bag of canned goods, knocking him out and cutting his scalp to a point where it needed stitches.

An ambulance was again called when it was determined that the injury required hospitalization.

The noise woke the woman from her dead faint and she saw her neighbor lying on the floor with his wife bending over him, so she assumed he had been bitten by the snake. She went to the kitchen, brought back a small bottle of whiskey, and began pouring it down the man's throat.

By now the police had arrived. They saw the unconscious man, smelled the whiskey, and assumed that a drunken fight had occurred. They were about to arrest them all, when the two women tried to explain how it all happened over a little green snake.

The ambulance arrived and took away the neighbor and his sobbing wife. Just then the little snake crawled out from under the couch. One of the policemen drew his gun and fired at it. He missed the snake and hit the leg of the end table that was on one side of the sofa. The table fell over and the lamp on it shattered and as the bulb broke, it started a fire in the drapes.

The other policeman tried to beat out the flames and fell through the window into the yard on top of the family dog, who startled, jumped up and raced out into the street, where an oncoming car swerved to avoid it and smashed into the parked police car and set it on fire.

Meanwhile, the burning drapes had spread to the walls and the entire house was blazing. Neighbors had called the fire department and the arriving fire truck had started raising his ladder when they were halfway down the street. The rising ladder tore out the overhead wires and pulled out the electricity and disconnected telephones in a ten-square city block area.

Time passed...

Both men were discharged from the hospital. The house was re-built. The police acquired a new car, and all was right with the world.

About a year later the original couple were watching TV and the weatherman announced a cold snap for that night. The husband asked his wife if she thought they should bring in their plants for the night.

She shot him...Somewhere in the deep South, Bubba called an attorney and asked, "Is it true they're suing the cigarette companies for causing people to get cancer?"

"Yes, Bubba, that is true."

"And people are suing the fast food restaurants for making them fat and clogging their arteries with all them burgers and fries ... is that true, mister lawyer?"

"Sure is Bubba, but why do you ask?"

"Cause I was thinkin' .... maybe I can sue Budweiser for all them ugly women I've been wakin' up with!"JACK AND JILL
Went up the hill
To have a little fun.
Stupid Jill
Forgot the pill
And now they have a son.MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB
Her father shot it dead
Now it goes to school with her
Between two hunks of bread.HUMPTY DUMPTY sat on a wall
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall
All the king's horses and all the king's men
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again.HEY DIDDLE, DIDDLE,
the cat did a piddle,
all over the bedside clock,
The little dog laughed
to see such fun
then died of electric shock.GEORGIE PORGY Pudding and Pie
Kissed the girls and made them cry.
When the boys came out to play
He kissed them as well, he's funny that way.THERE WAS A LITTLE GIRL,
who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead...
And when she was good,
she was very very good,
But when she was bad
she got a fur coat, jewels, a waterfront condo and a sports car.A little boy returning home from his first day at school said to his mother, "Mom, what's sex?" 

His mother, who believed in all the most modern educational theories, gave him a detailed explanation, covering all aspects of the tricky subject. 

When she had finished, the little lad produced an enrollment form which he had brought home from school and said, "Yes, but how am I going to get all that into this one little square?"At school, a boy was told by a classmate that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret, and that this makes it very easy to blackmail them by saying, "I know the whole truth". The boy decides to go home and try it out. He goes home, and as he is greeted by his mother he says, "I know the whole truth." His mother quickly hands him a $50 note and says, "Just don't tell your father."

Quite pleased, the boy waits for his father to get home from work, and greets him with, "I know the whole truth." The father also promptly hands him a $50 note and says, "Please don't say a word to your mother." 

Very pleased, the boy is on his way to school the next day, when he sees the mailman at his front door. The boy greets him by saying, "I know the whole truth." The mailman drops the mail, opens his arms, and says, "Then come give your FATHER a big hug."Question: What is the best way to get rid of Irish people?

Answer: Throw a dollar off of a bridge!

Question: What is the best way to get rid of more Irish people?

Answer: Say that no one found the dollar yet!These two eggs had just been married and were on their honeymoon. While they were sitting on the bed making out, the female egg pushed the male egg away and said, "I just have to go to the bathroom. I'll be back in a minute." and off she went. 

Five minutes later, the male egg saw his sexy wife walk out in a slinky negligee, wiping her hands up and down her smooth, oval-shaped body. 

Instantly, the male egg slapped his hands on the top of his head, covering it completely. 

The female egg looked at him and asked what he was doing. 

He replied, "The last time I was this hard, someone cracked me on the head with a spoon!"Taxiing down the tarmac, the 757 abruptly stopped, turned around and returned to the gate. After an hour-long wait, it finally took off.

A concerned passenger asked the flight attendant, "What was the problem?"

"The pilot was bothered by a noise he heard in the engine," explained the flight attendant, "and it took us a while to find a new pilot.""Flight 2341, for noise abatement, turn right 45 degrees."

"But Center, we are at 35,000 feet. How much noise can we make up here?"

"Sir, have you ever heard the noise a 747 makes when it hits a 727?"A small boy was lost at a large shopping mall.

He approached a uniformed policeman and said, "I've lost my grandpa!"
 
The cop asked, "What's he like?"

The little boy replied, "Jack Daniels and women with big tits."At one time in my life, I thought I had a handle on the meaning of the word "service". The act of doing things for other people. Then I heard the terms:

Internal Revenue Service,

Postal Service,

Civil Service,

Telephone Service,

Service Stations,

Customer Service,

City/County Public Service.

And I became confused about the word "service". This is not what I thought "service" meant.

Then one day, I overheard two farmers talking, and one of them mentioned that he was having a bull service a few of his cows.

SHAZAM! It all came into perspective. Now I understand what all those "service" agencies are doing to us...It was the first day of school and a new student named Martinez, the son of a local Mexican restaurateur, entered the fourth grade.

The teacher said, "Let's begin by reviewing some American history. Who said 'Give me Liberty, or give me Death'?"

She saw a sea of blank faces, except for Martinez, who had his hand up. "Patrick Henry, 1775."

"Very good! Who said 'Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth'?"

Again, no response except from Martinez: "Abraham Lincoln, 1863," said Martinez.

The teacher snapped at the class, "Class, you should be ashamed. Martinez, who is new to our country, knows more about its history than you do."

She heard a loud whisper: "Screw the Mexicans."

"Who said that?" she demanded.

Martinez put his hand up. "Jim Bowie, 1836."

At that point, a student in the back said, "I'm gonna puke."

The teacher glares and asks "All right! Now, who said that?"

Again, Martinez says, "George Bush at dinner with the Japanese Prime Minister, 1991."

Now furious, another student yells, "Oh yeah? Suck this!"

Martinez jumps out of his chair waving his hand and shouts to the teacher, "Bill Clinton, to Monica Lewinsky, 1997!"

Now with the class almost at mob hysteria someone said, "You little shit. If you say anything else, I'll kill you."

Martinez frantically yells at the top of his voice, "Gary Condit to Chandra Levy 2001."

The teacher fainted. And as the class gathered around the teacher on the floor, someone said, "Oh shit, we're in BIG trouble!"

Martinez said, "Saddam Hussein, April 9th 2003!"1. It is important that a man helps you around the house and has a job. 
2. It is important that a man makes you laugh. 
3. It is important to find a man you can count on and doesn't lie to you. 
4. It is important that a man is good in bed and loves making love to you. 
5. It is important that these four men don't know each other."Can I help you?" the madam asked

"I want Natalie," the elderly man replied.

"Sir, Natalie is our most expensive lady, perhaps someone else..."

"No," said the man, "I must see Natalie."

Just then Natalie appeared and announced to the old man that she charges $10,000 per visit. Without blinking, the man reached into his pocket and handed her 100 hundred dollar bills. The two went up to a room for an hour, after which the man calmly left.

The next night he appeared again, demanding to see Natalie. The madam explained that no one had ever come back two nights in a row and that there were no discounts. It was still $10,000 per visit. Again, the man took out the money and the two went up to the room.

When he showed up the third consecutive night, no one could believe it. Again he handed Natalie the money, and up to the room they went.  At the end of the hour, Natalie questioned the man: "No one has ever paid for my services three nights in a row. Where are you from?"

The old man replied, "I'm from Philadelphia."

"Really?" replied Natalie "I have family who live there."

"Yes, I know," said the old man. "Your father died; I'm your sister's attorney. She asked me to give you your $30,000."

So the moral here is that some things in life are certain: death, taxes, and being screwed by an attorney.We've just been notified by Security that there have been six suspected terrorists working out of your office.

Five of the six have been apprehended.

Bin Sleepin, Bin Loafin, Bin Goofin, Bin Lunchin and Bin Drinkin have been taken into custody. Our agent advised us that they could find no one fitting the description of the sixth cell member, Bin Workin, at your office.

Security is confident that anyone who looks like he's Bin Workin will be very easy to spot. You are obviously not a suspect at this timeA guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar which reads:

         ---------------------------------------
         |   Cheese Sandwich:   $1.50       |
         |   Chicken Sandwich:  $2.50       |
         |   Hand Job:         $10.00          |
         ---------------------------------------

Checking his wallet for the necessary payment, he walks up to the bar and beckons to one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks to an eager-looking group of men.

"Yes?" she inquires with a knowing smile, "can I help you?"

"I was wondering", whispers the man, "are you the one who gives the hand-jobs?"

"Yes," she purrs,  "I am."

The man replies "Well wash your hands, I want a cheese sandwich!"A few interesting public/police interactions:

GOOD:
A policeman had a perfect spot to watch for speeders, but wasn't getting too many.  Then, he discovered the problem.  A 10-year old boy was standing up the road from him with a hand-painted sign which read, "RADAR TRAP AHEAD".  The officer then found a younger accomplice down the road with a sign reading "TIPS" and a bucket full of change.

BETTER:
A motorist was mailed a picture of his car speeding through an automated radar.  A $40 speeding ticket was included.  Being cute, he sent the police department a picture of the $40.  The police  department responded with another mailed photo of handcuffs.

BEST:
A young woman was pulled over for speeding.  As the motorcycle officer walked to her car window, flipping open his ticket book, she said, "I bet you're going to sell me a ticket to the Highway Patrolmen's Ball". He replied, "Highway Patrolmen don't have balls."  There was a moment of silence while she smiled, and he realized what he'd just said.  He then silently closed his book, got back on his motorcycle and left.  She was laughing too hard to start her car for several minutes.Never accept a drink from a urologist, nor a friendly handshake from a proctologist.Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.When putting cheese in a mousetrap, always leave room for the mouse.Sometimes you are the dog. Sometimes you are the hydrantEveryone has a right to be stupid. Some just abuse the privilege.Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.Be a good housekeeper. When you leave him ... get a good lawyer ...keep his houseA rich lady from California, who was a tree hugger and a vociferous anti-hunter, purchased a piece of timberland in Oregon. There was a large tree on one of the highest points in the tract. She wanted to get a good view of her land so she started to climb the big tree. As she neared the top, she encountered a spotted owl that attacked her. In her haste to escape, the lady slid down the tree to the ground and got many splinters in her private parts.

In considerable pain, she hurried to the nearest country doctor. Being a hunter himself, the doctor listened to her story with great patience and then told her to go into the examining room and he would see if he could help her. She sat and waited for three hours before the doctor reappeared. The angry lady demanded, "What took you so long?" He smiled and then told her, "Well, I had to get permits from the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Bureau of Land Management before I could remove old-growth timber from a recreational area... and I'm sorry, they all turned me down.""There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened." - Douglas Adams.

"I'm astounded by people who want to `know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown." - Woody Allen.

"Duct tape is like the Force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together...." - Carl Zwanzig.

"Computer programming is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning."
- Rich Cook.

"The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us." - Bill Watterson (Calvin and Hobbes).A business man was driving along when he spotted a hippie thumbing for a ride. He stopped to pick him up. The hippie sat in the front of the car, bopping and snapping his fingers to some beat in his head.

The business man approached a stop sign and couldn't see clearly to his right, so he asked the hippie if there was anything coming from the right.

"Just a dog, man..just a dog"

So the business man pulled out and CRASH!!

A few days later the business man woke up in a hospital with his arms and legs hung in traction. He looked over and saw the hippie in the bed next to him, his arms and legs also suspended in traction - still bopping and snapping his fingers to some beat in his head.

The business man asked, "Hey, I thought you said there was just a dog coming from the right!?"

Said the hippie, still snapping his fingers in rhythm, "Yeah man, like Greyhound! man..."A lady picked up several items at a discount store. When she finally got up to the checker, she learned that one of her items had no price tag. Imagine her embarrassment when the checker got on the intercom and boomed out for all the store to hear, "PRICE CHECK ON LANE THIRTEEN, TAMPAX SUPER SIZE."

That was bad enough, but somebody at the rear of the store apparently misunderstood the word "Tampax" for "THUMBTACKS."

In a business-like tone, a voice boomed back over the intercom. "DO YOU WANT THE KIND YOU PUSH IN WITH YOUR THUMB OR THE KIND YOU POUND IN WITH A HAMMER?"While in line at the bank one afternoon, my toddler decided to release some pent-up energy and ran amok. I was finally able to grab hold of her, after receiving looks of disgust and annoyance from other patrons. I told her that if she did not start behaving "right now", she would be punished.

To my horror, she looked me in the eye and said, in a voice just as threatening, "If you don't let me go right now, I will tell Grandma that I saw you kissing Daddy's pee-pee last night!"

The silence was deafening after this enlightening exchange. Even the tellers stopped what they were doing. I mustered up the last of my dignity and walked out of the bank with my daughter in tow.

The last thing I heard when the door closed behind me were screams of laughter.My sister and I were at the mall and passed by a store that sold a variety of nuts. As we were looking at the display case, the boy behind the counter asked if we needed any help. I replied, "No, I'm just looking at your nuts."

My sister started to laugh hysterically, the boy grinned, and I turned beet-red and walked away. To this day, my sister has not let me forget.I was at the golf store comparing different kinds of golf balls. I was unhappy with the women's type I had been using.

After browsing for several minutes, I was approached by one of the good-looking gentlemen who works at the store. He asked if he could help me. Without thinking, I looked at him and said, "I think I like playing with men's balls."This had most of the state of Michigan laughing for two days and a very embarrassed female news anchor who will, in the future, likely think before she speaks.

What happens when you predict snow but don't get any....a true story...

We had a female news anchor who, the day after it was supposed to have snowed and didn't, turned to the weatherman and asked: "So Bob, where's that 8 inches you promised me last night?"

Not only did HE have to leave the set, but half the crew did too they were laughing so hard!An exasperated mother, whose son was always getting into mischief, finally asked him, "How do you expect to get into Heaven?"

The boy thought it over and said, "Well, I'll run in and out and in an out and keep slamming the door until St. Peter says, 'For Heaven's sake, Dylan, come in or stay out!'"One summer evening during a violent thunderstorm a mother was tucking her son into bed. She was about to turn off the light when he asked with a tremor in his voice, "Mommy, will you sleep with me tonight?" The mother smiled and gave him a reassuring hug. "I can't dear," she said. "I have to sleep in Daddy's room." A long silence was broken at last by his shaky little voice, "The big sissy."When I was six months pregnant with my third child, my three-year-old came into the room when I was just getting ready to get into the shower. 

She said, "Mommy, you are getting fat!" 

I replied, "Yes, honey, remember Mommy has a baby growing in her tummy." 

"I know," she replied, "but what's growing in your butt?"Gardening Rule: When weeding, the best way to make sure you are removing a weed and not a valuable plant is to pull on it. If it comes out of the ground easily, it is a valuable plant.The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.There are two kinds of pedestrians -- the quick and the dead.Life is sexually transmitted.An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.Q:How many Men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: 3! 1 to actually screw in the lightbulb, the other 2 need to be there so he can brag about the screwing part!Get the last word in: Apologize.Some people are like Slinkies...not really good for anything, but you still can't help but smile when you see one tumble down the stairs.Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?By  following  the simple advice I read in an article, I have finally found inner  peace........

The  article read:

"The way to achieve inner peace is to  finish all the things you've started."

So  I looked around the house to see all the things I started and  hadn't finished....and before leaving the house this morning I finished  off bottle of red wine, a bottle of white, the Bailey's, Kahlua and Wild Turkey, the Prozac, some valium, some cheesecake and a box of chocolates.

You  have no idea how freakin good I feel....The hypothalamus is one of the most important parts of the brain, involved in many kinds of motivation, among other functions. The hypothalamus controls the "Four F's": fighting, fleeing, feeding, and mating. -Heard in a neuropsychology classroomThree retirees, each with a hearing loss, were playing golf one fine March day. One remarked to the other, "Windy, isn't it?" "No," the second man replied, "it's Thursday." And the third man chimed in, "So am I. Let's have a beer."80-year old Bessie bursts into the rec room at the retirement home. She holds her clenched fist in the air and announces, "Anyone who can guess what is in my hand can have sex with me tonight!!"

An elderly gentleman in the rear shouts out, "An elephant?" Bessie thinks a minute and says, "Close enough.""Hillary's got this huge book, it's a memoir of her life and times at the White House. In the book she says when Bill told her he was having an affair, she said 'I could hardly breathe, I was gulping for air.' No, I'm sorry, that's what Monica said." 
- David Letterman"In Hillary Clinton's new book 'Living History,' Hillary details what it was like meeting Bill Clinton, falling in love with him, getting married, and living a passionate, wonderful life as husband and wife. Then on page two, the trouble starts."
- Jay Leno"Hillary Clinton has finished her memoirs for publication next year, while Bill has barely finished the first chapter. Well, in all fairness, Fiction is a lot harder to write."

- Jay Leno"Hillary Clinton is the junior senator from the great state of New York. When they swore her in, she used the Clinton family Bible. You know, the one with only seven commandments."

- David Letterman"CNN found that Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman in America. Women admire her because she's strong and successful. Men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it." 

- Jay LenoFather O'Malley rose from his bed. It was a fine spring day in his new Washington DC parish. He walked to the window of his bedroom to get a deep breath of the beautiful day outside. He then noticed there was a jackass lying dead in the middle of his front lawn.

He promptly called the US Senate for assistance.

The conversation went like this:

"Good morning, this is Senator Trent Lott.  How might I help you?"

"And the best of the day te yerself. This is Father O'Malley at St.Brigid's. There's a jackass lying dead in me front lawn. Would ye be so kind as to send a couple o' yer lads to take care of the matter?"

Senator Lott, considering himself to be quite a wit, replied with a smirk, "Well now, Father, it was always my impression that you people took care of last rites!"

There was dead silence on the line for a long moment.

Father O'Malley then replied: "Aye, that's certainly true, but we are also obliged to notify the next of kin."Two old ladies were sitting on a park bench outside the local town hall where a flower show was in progress One leaned over and said, "Life is so boring, we never have any fun anymore. For $5.00, I'd take my clothes off and streak through that stupid flower show!" "You're on!" said the other old lady, holding up a $5.00 bill. As fast as she could, the first little old lady fumbled her way out of her clothes and, completely naked, streaked through the front door of the flower show. Waiting outside, her friend heard a huge commotion inside the hall, following by loud applause. The naked lady burst out through the door surrounded by a cheering crowd. "How did you do?" asked her waiting friend. "Great! I just won first prize as Best Dried Arrangement!"A guy falls asleep on the beach for several hours and gets a horrible sunburn. He goes to the hospital and is promptly admitted after being diagnosed with second degree burns.

He was already starting to blister and in agony. The doctor prescribed continuous intravenous feeding with saline and electrolytes, a sedative, and a Viagra pill every four hours. The nurse, rather astounded, said, "What good will Viagra do him?"

The doctor replied, "It'll keep the sheets off his legs."Two sisters are new arrivals at the pearly gates and are comparing stories on how they died.

1st sister: "I froze to death."

2nd sister: "How horrible!"

1st sister: "It wasn't so bad. After I quit shaking from the cold, I began to get warm and sleepy, and finally died a peaceful death. What about you?"

2nd sister: "I died of a massive heart attack. I suspected that my husband was cheating, so I came home early to catch him in the act. But instead, I found him all by himself in the den watching TV."

1st Sister: "So what happened? Tell me."

2nd sister: "I was so sure there was another woman there somewhere that I started running all over the house looking. I ran up into the attic and searched, and down into the basement. Then I went through every closet and checked under all the beds. I kept this up until I had looked everywhere, and finally I became so exhausted that I just keeled over with a heart attack and died."

1st sister: "Too bad you didn't look in the freezer-- we'd both still be alive."In a toilet of an office:  TOILET OUT OF ORDER. PLEASE USE FLOOR BELOW.

In a department store:  BARGAIN BASEMENT UPSTAIRS 

In an office:  WILL THE PERSON WHO TOOK THE STEPLADDER YESTERDAY PLEASE BRING IT BACK OR FURTHER STEPS WILL BE TAKEN.  

In an office lunchroom:  AFTER TEA BREAK STAFF SHOULD EMPTY THE TEAPOT AND STAND UPSIDE DOWN ON THE DRAINING BOARD.  

Outside a secondhand shop: WE EXCHANGE ANYTHING - BICYCLES, WASHING MACHINES, ETC. WHY NOT BRING YOUR WIFE ALONG AND GET A WONDERFUL BARGAIN?  

In health food shop window:  CLOSED DUE TO ILLNESS  

In a safari park:  ELEPHANTS PLEASE STAY IN YOUR CAR  

At a conference:  FOR ANYONE WHO HAS CHILDREN AND DOESN'T KNOW IT, THERE IS A DAY CARE ON THE FIRST FLOOR  

In a field:  THE FARMER ALLOWS WALKERS TO CROSS THE FIELD FOR FREE, BUT THE BULL CHARGES  

On a leaflet:  IF YOU CAN'T READ, THIS LEAFLET WILL TELL YOU HOW TO GET LESSONS  

On a repair shop door:  WE CAN REPAIR ANYTHING. (PLEASE KNOCK HARD ON THE DOOR; THE BELL DOESN'T WORK)BLAMESTORMING: Sitting around in a group, discussing why a deadline was missed or a project failed, and who was responsible.

SEAGULL MANAGER: A manager who flies in, makes a lot of noise, craps on everything, and then leaves.

ASSMOSIS: The process by which some people seem to absorb success and advancement by kissing up to the boss rather than working hard.

SALMON DAY: The experience of spending an entire day swimming upstream only to get screwed and die in the end.

CUBE FARM: An office filled with cubicles.

PRAIRIE DOGGING: When someone yells or drops something loudly in a cube farm, and people's heads pop up over the walls to see what's going on.

MOUSE POTATO: The on-line, wired generation's answer to the couch potato.

SITCOMS: Single Income, Two Children, Oppressive Mortgage. What yuppies turn into when they have children and one of them stops working to stay home with the kids.

STRESS PUPPY: A person who seems to thrive on being stressed out and whiney.

SWIPEOUT: An ATM or credit card that has been rendered useless because the magnetic strip is worn away from extensive use.

IRRITAINMENT: Entertainment and media spectacles that are annoying but you find yourself unable to stop watching them.

PERCUSSIVE MAINTENANCE: The fine art of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it to work again.

ADMINISPHERE: The rarefied organizational layers beginning just above the rank and file. Decisions that fall from the adminisphere are often profoundly inappropriate or irrelevant to the problems they were designed to solve.

404: Someone who's clueless. From the World Wide Web error message "404 Not Found."

GENERICA: Features of the American landscape that are exactly the same no matter where one is, such as fast food joints, strip malls, and subdivisions.

OHNOSECOND: That minuscule fraction of time in which you realize that you've just made a BIG mistakeThese  great questions and answers are from the "Hollywood Squares" game show. Responses were spontaneous and clever, not scripted and dull as they are  now. 

Q. Do female frogs croak?
A. Paul Lynde: If you hold their heads under water long enough.

Q. If you're going to make a parachute jump, at least how  high should you be?
A. Charley Weaver: Three days of steady drinking should  do it.

Q. True or False, a pea can last as long as 5,000 years.
A. George Gobel: Boy, it sure seems like it sometimes.

Q. You've been  having trouble going to sleep. Are you probably a man or a woman?
A. Don  Knotts: That's what's been keeping me awake.

Q. According to Cosmo, if  you meet a stranger at a party and you think he's attractive, is it okay to come  out and ask him if he's married?
A. Rose Marie: No, wait until morning.

Q. Which of your five senses tends to diminish as you get older?
A. Charley Weaver: My sense of decency.

Q. In Hawaiian, does it take more than three words to say "I Love You"?
A. Vincent Price: No, you can say it  with a pineapple and a twenty.

Q. What are "Do It," "I Can Help," and "I  Can't Get Enough"?
A. George Gobel: I don't know, but it's coming from the  next apartment.

Q. As you grow older, do you tend to gesture more or  less with your hands while talking?
A. Rose Marie: You ask me one more  growing old question Peter, and I'll give you a gesture you'll never forget.

Q. Paul, why do Hell's Angels wear leather?
A. Because chiffon wrinkles too easily.

Q. Charley, you've just decided to grow  strawberries. Are you going to get any during the first year?
A. Of course  not, I'm too busy growing strawberries.

Q. In bowling, what's a perfect  score?
A. Rose Marie: Ralph, the pin boy.

Q. It is considered in bad  taste to discuss two subjects at nudist camp. One is politics, what is the  other?
A. Paul Lynde: Tape measures.

Q. During a tornado, are you  safer in the bedroom or in the closet?
A. Rose Marie: Unfortunately Peter,  I'm always safe in the bedroom.

Q. Can boys join the Camp Fire  Girls?
A. Marty Allen: Only after lights out.

Q. When you pat a dog  on its head he will wag his tail. What will a goose do?
A. Paul Lynde: Make  him bark?

Q. If you were pregnant for two year, what would you give  birth to?
A. Paul Lynde: Whatever it is, it would never be afraid of the  dark.

Q. According to Ann Landers, is there anything wrong with getting  into the habit of kissing a lot of people?
A. Charley Weaver: It got me out  of the Army.

Q. While visiting China, your tour guide start shouting  "Poo! Poo! Poo!" What does this mean?
A. George Gobel: Cattle crossing.

Q. It is the most abused and neglected part of your body, what is it?
A. Paul Lynde: Mine may be abused but it certainly isn't neglected.

Q. Back in the old days, when Great Grandpa put horseradish on his head, what was he trying to do?
A. George Gobel: Get it in his  mouth.

Q. Who stays pregnant for a longer period of time, your wife or your elephant?
A. Paul Lynde: Who told you about my elephant?

Q. When a couple have a baby, who is responsible for  its sex?
A. Charley Weaver: I'll lend him the car, the rest is up to him.

Q. Jackie Gleason recently revealed that he firmly believes in them and has actually seen them on at least two occasions. What are they?
A. Charlie Weaver: His feet.A guy stopped at a local gas station. After filling his gas tank, hepaid the bill and bought a soft drink. He stood by his car to drink his cola and watched a couple of men working along the roadside. One man would dig a hole two or three feet deep and then move on.

The other man came along behind him and filled in the hole. While one was digging a new hole, the other was 25 feet behind filling in the hole. The men worked right past the guy with the soft drink and went on down the road.

"I can't stand this," said the man tossing the soft drink can into a trash container and heading down the road toward the workmen. "Hold it, hold it,"he said to the men. "Can you tell me what's going on here with all this digging and refilling?"

"Well, we work for the government, and we're just doing our job," one of the men said.

"But one of you is digging a hole, and the other fills it up. You're not really accomplishing anything. Aren't you wasting the taxpayers' money?"

"You don't understand, mister," one of the men said, leaning on his shovel and wiping his brow. "Normally there are three of us: me, Elmer and Leroy. I dig the hole, Elmer sticks in the tree, and Leroy, here, puts the dirt back. Because of the budget, Elmer's job's been cut ... so now it's just me and Leroy."This is not meant to be crude. It is strictly for your edification and enjoyment. 

Before the Battle of Agincourt in 1415, the French, anticipating victory over the English, proposed to cut off the middle finger of all captured English soldiers. Without their middle finger, it would be impossible to draw the renowned English longbow and therefore they would be incapable of fighting in the future. 

The longbow was a famous weapon. It was made of the native English Yew tree, and the act of drawing the longbow was known as "plucking the yew." 

Much to the bewilderment of the French, the English won a major upset and began mocking the French by waving their middle fingers at the defeated French, saying, "See, we can still pluck yew! PLUCK YEW!" 

Over the years, some 'folk etymologies' have grown up around this symbolic gesture. Since 'pluck yew' is rather difficult to say (like "pleasant mother pheasant plucker", which is who you had to go to for the feathers used on the arrows for the longbow), the difficult consonant cluster at the beginning has gradually changed to a labiodental fricative 'F', and thus the words often used in conjunction with the one-finger-salute are mistakenly thought to have something to do with an intimate encounter. 

It is also because of the pheasant feathers on the arrows that the symbolic gesture is known as "giving the bird". 

Are you not thrilled that you have someone out there that will send you educational stuff like this? 

History repeats itself - Once again the appropriate message was given to the French!Billy Bob wanted a job as a signalman on the railways. He was told to meet the inspector at the signal box.

The inspector asked, "What would you do if you realized that two trains were heading for each other on the same track?"

Billy Bob replied, "I would switch the points for one of the trains."

"What if the lever broke?" asked the inspector.

"Then I'd dash down out of the signal box," said Billy Bob, "and I'd use the manual lever over there."

"What if that had been struck by lightning?"

"Then," Billy Bob continued, "I'd run back into the signal box and phone the next signal box."

"What if the phone was busy?"

"Well in that case," persevered Billy Bob, "I'd rush down out of the box and use the public emergency phone at the level crossing up there."

"What if that was vandalized?"

"Oh, well then I'd run into town and go get my Uncle Lester."

This puzzled the inspector, so he asked, "Why would you do that?"

Billy Bob answered, "Well, Uncle Lester ain't never seen a train wreck!"Six retired Floridians were playing poker in the condo clubhouse when Meyerwitz loses $500 on a single hand, clutches his chest and drops dead at the table. 

Showing respect for their fallen comrade, the other five continue playing standing up. Finkelstein looks around and asks, "So, who's gonna tell the wife?" They draw straws. Goldberg picks the short one. They tell him to be discreet, be gentle, don't make a bad situation any worse. 

"Discreet? I'm the most discreet man you'll ever meet. Discretion is my middle name. Leave it to me." Goldberg goes over to the Meyerwitz apartment and knocks on the door. 

The wife answers and asks what he wants.

Goldberg declares, "Your husband just lost $500 and is afraid to come home." 

The wife says, "Tell him to drop dead!" 

"I'll go tell him," says Goldberg.There were two brothers.

One was very good and tried to always live right and be helpful.

His brother on the other hand was bad and did all the things that men should not do in life and didn't care who he hurt.

The bad brother died.

He was still missed by his brother since he loved him despite his ways.

Finally, years later, the good brother died and went to Heaven. Everything was beautiful and wonderful there, and he was very happy.

One day he asked God where his brother was, as he hadn't seen him there. God said that he was sorry but his brother lived a terrible life and went to Hell instead.

The good brother then asked God if there was any way for him to see his brother.

So God gave him the power of vision to see into Hell and there was his brother.

He was sitting on a bench with a keg of beer under one arm and a gorgeous blonde on the other.

Confused, the good brother said to God, "I am so happy that you let me into Heaven with you. It is so beautiful here and I love it. But I don't understand, if my brother was bad enough to go to Hell, why does he have the keg of beer and a gorgeous blonde? it hardly seems like a punishment".

God said unto him, "Things are not always as they seems, my son. The keg has a hole in it; the blonde does not ."A man suffered a serious heart attack and had open heart bypass surgery. He awakened from the surgery to find himself in the care of nuns at a Catholic hospital. As he was recovering, a nun asked him questions regarding how he was going to pay for his medical services. He was asked if he had health insurance.

He replied in a raspy voice, "No health insurance."

The nun asked if he had money in the bank. He replied, "No money in the bank."

The nun asked, "Do you have a relative who could help you?"

He said, "I only have a spinster sister who is a nun."

The nun got a little perturbed and announced loudly, "Nuns are not spinsters! Nuns are married to God."

The patient replied, "Then send the bill to my brother-in-law."1.Outside a muffler shop: "No appointment necessary, we hear you coming."
 
2.Outside a hotel: "Help! We need inn-experienced people." 

3.On a desk in a reception room: "We shoot every 3rd salesman, and the 2nd one just left." 

4.In a veterinarian's waiting room: "Be back in 5 minutes, Sit! Stay!" 

5.At the electric company: "We would be de-lighted if you send in your bill. However, if you don't you will be." 

6.On the door of a computer store: "Out for a quick byte." 

7.In a restaurant window: "Don't stand there and be hungry, come on in and get fed up." 

8.Inside a bowling alley: "Please be quiet, we need to hear a pin drop." 

9.In the front yard of a funeral home: "Drive carefully, we'll wait." 

10.In a counselor's office: "Growing old is mandatory, growing wise is optional."The American Dairy Association was so successful with its "Got Milk?" campaign, that it was decided to extend the ads to Mexico. Unfortunately, the Spanish translation was "Are you lactating?"

Electrolux, a Scandinavian vacuum manufacturer, used this ad in the U.S.: "Nothing sucks like an Electrolux."

Colgate introduced a toothpaste called "Cue" in France, but it turned out to be the same name as a well-known porno magazine.

When Braniff translated a slogan touting its upholstery, "Fly in leather," it came out in Spanish as "Fly naked."

Coors put its slogan, "Turn it loose," into Spanish, where it was read as "Suffer from diarrhea."

Chicken magnate Frank Perdue's line, "It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken," sounds much more interesting in Spanish: "It takes a sexually stimulated man to make a chicken affectionate."

Bacardi concocted a fruity drink with the name "Pavian" to suggest French chic...but "pavian" means "baboon" in German.

A hair products company, Clairol, introduced the "Mist Stick", a curling iron, into Germany only to find out that mist is slang for manure. Not too many people had use for the manure stick.

When Kentucky Fried Chicken entered the Chinese market, to their horror they discovered that their slogan "finger lickin' good" came out as "eat your fingers off."

When Vicks first introduce its cough drops on the German market, they were chagrined to learn that the German pronunciation of "v" is f - which in German is the guttural equivalent of "sexual penetration."

Parker Pens translated the slogan for its ink, "Avoid Embarrassment - Use Quink" into Spanish as "Evite Embarazos - Use Quink"...which also means, "Avoid Pregnancy - Use Quink."

When Pepsi started marketing its products in China a few years back, they translated their slogan, "Pepsi Brings You Back to Life" pretty literally. The slogan in Chinese really meant, "Pepsi Brings Your Ancestors Back from the Grave."

In Italy, a campaign for "Schweppes Tonic Water" translated the name into the much less thirst quenching "Schweppes Toilet Water."

Chinese translation proved difficult for Coke, which took two tries to get it right. They first tried Ke-kou-ke-la because when pronounced it sounded roughly like Coca-Cola. It wasn't until after thousands of signs had been printed that they discovered that the phrase means "bite the wax tadpole" or "female horse stuffed with wax," depending on the dialect. Second time around things worked out much better. After researching 40,000 Chinese characters, Coke came up with "ko-kou-ko-le" which translates roughly to the much more appropriate "happiness in the mouth."

Not to be outdone, Puffs Tissues tried later to introduce its product, only to learn that "Puff" in German is a colloquial term for a whorehouse. The English weren't too fond of the name either, as it's a highly derogatory term for a non-heterosexual.

The Chevy Nova never sold well in Spanish speaking countries. "No va" means "it doesn't go" in Spanish.

Ford introduced the Pinto in Brazil. After watching sales go nowhere, the company learned that "Pinto" is Brazilian slang for "tiny male genitals." Ford pried the nameplates off all of the cars and substituted them with "Corcel" which means horse.

When Gerber first started selling baby food in Africa, they used the same packaging as here in the USA - with the cute baby on the label. Later, they found out that in Africa companies routinely put pictures on the label of what's inside since most people can't read.

In the French part of Canada, Hunt-Wesson introduced its "Big John" products as "Gros Jos." It later found out that the phrase is slang for "big breasts."Q: Why did the blond crash her helicopter?
A:  Because she was cold and decided to turn off the ceiling fan!Golf can best be defined as an endless series of tragedies obscured by the occasional miracle.If you find you do not mind playing golf in the rain, the snow -- even during a hurricane! -- here is a valuable tip: Your life is in trouble.An interesting thing about golf is that no matter how badly you play, it is always possible to get worse.Golf is a hard game to figure. One day you'll go out and slice it and shank it, hit it onto all the traps and miss every green. The next day you go out, and for no reason at all, you really stink.I play in the low 80's. If it is hotter than that, I won't play.Golf is like marriage: If you take yourself too seriously, it won't work -- and both are expensive.In golf, some people tend to get confused with all the numbers. They shoot a six, yell fore, and write five.A not necessarily well-prepared college student sat in his life science classroom, staring at a question on the final exam paper. The question directed "Give four advantages of breast milk." What to write?" He sighed, and began to scribble whatever came into his head, hoping for the best:

1. No need to boil.

2. Never goes sour.

3. Available whenever necessary.

So far so good - maybe. But the exam demanded a fourth answer. Again, what to write? Once more, he sighed. He frowned. He scowled, then sighed again. Suddenly, he brightened. He grabbed his pen, and triumphantly scribbled his definitive answer.

4. Available in attractive containers of varying sizes.

He received an A.Bill went on a vacation to the Middle East with most of his family including his mother-in-law. During their vacation and while they were visiting Jerusalem, Bill's mother-in-law died. With the death certificate in hand, Bill went to the American Consulate Office to make arrangements to send the body back to the States for proper burial.

The Consul after hearing of the death of the mother-in-law told Bill, "My friend, the cost of sending of a body back to the States for burial is very very expensive. It could cost as much as $5,000.00 dollars."

The Consul continues, in most cases the person responsible for the remains, normally decides to bury the body here. This would only cost $150.00 dollars. Bill thinks for some time and answers the Consul, "I don't care how much it will cost to send the body back; that's what I want to do."

The Consul after hearing this says, "You must have loved your mother-in-law very much considering the difference in price from $5.000.00 and $150.00 dollars."

"No, it's not that at all," says Bill. "You see, I know of a case many years ago of a person who was buried here in Jerusalem and on the third day He was resurrected. I don't want to take that chance!"Paul returned from a doctor's visit one day and told his wife, Cindy, that the doctor said he only had 24 hours to live. Wiping away her tears, he asked her to make love with him. Of course she agreed and they made passionate love.

Six hours later, Paul went to her again, and said, "Honey, now I only have 18 hours left to live. Maybe we could make love again?" Cindy agrees and again they make love.

Later, Paul is getting into bed when he realized he now had only eight hours of life left. He touched Cindy's shoulder and said, "Honey? Please? Just one more time before I die." She agreed, then afterward she rolled over and fell asleep. Paul, however, heard the clock ticking in his head, and he tossed and turned until he was down to only four more hours. He tapped his wife on shoulder to wake her up. "Honey, I only have four hours left! Could we...?"

His wife sat up abruptly, turned to him and said, "Listen Paul, I have to get up in the morning! You don't."Sarah's grandson is playing in the water, while she is standing on the beach not wanting to get her feet wet, when all of a sudden a huge wave appears from nowhere and crashes directly over the spot where the boy is in the ocean. The water recedes and the boy is no longer there. He simply vanished. 

Sarah holds her hands to the sky and cries, "God, how could you? Have I not been a wonderful mother and grandmother? Have I not given to B'nai Brith and Haddasah? Have I not tried my very best to live a life that you would be proud of?" 

Just then, another huge wave appears out of nowhere and crashes on the beach. As the water recedes, the boy is standing there, smiling, splashing around as if nothing had happened. 

A loud voice booms from the sky, "I have returned your grandson. Are you satisfied?" 

Sarah responded, "Well ... He WAS wearing a hat.""I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either." - Jack Benny

"When I was born I was so surprised that I didn't talk for a year and a half." - Gracie Allen

"I'd rather be a could-be if I cannot be an are; because a could-be is a maybe who is reaching for a star. I'd rather be a has-been than a might-have-been, by far; for a might have-been has never been, but a has-been was once an are." - Milton Berle

"Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples." - George Burns

"You're never too old to become younger." - Mae West

"I hate the theatre. I also hate the sight of blood, but it's in my veins." - Charlie Chaplin

"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it." - Groucho Marx

"The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly and lie about your age." - Lucille Ball

"I don't feel old - I don't feel anything until noon. Then it's time for my nap." - Bob Hope

"I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it." - W.C. Fields

"What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money." - Henny YoungmanA man wanted a big, ferocious dog to protect his business, so he visited a kennel that specialized in attack dogs. The man explained to the kennel owner that he wanted the biggest, meanest, most vicious dog in the kennel, and the owner offered to take the man on a tour of the premises.

After they had been walking for a few minutes, they came upon a large dog. He was snarling loudly and biting and clawing at the cage. "He looks like he'd be a pretty good attack dog," said the buyer. "Well, he's not bad," replied the owner, "but I have something
better in mind for you."

They continued walking around the premises, and after a while they found an even larger, meaner dog than the first. He snarled at the two men and tried to bite them through the wire on his cage. "Ah," said the buyer, "This must be the dog you were referring to
earlier." "Well, no." said the owner. "I have something better in mind for you."

The men continued their tour. Eventually, they came upon a fairly large dog that was lying quietly on his side, licking his butt. He did not seem to notice as the men approached. "This is the dog I had in mind for you," said the owner. 

The buyer was flabbergasted. "You're joking!" he exclaimed. "This dog seems quite tame; he doesn't act at all like an attack dog at all. Hell, he's just lying there, licking his butt!"

"I know, I know," said the owner. "But you see, he just ate a lawyer, and he's trying to get the taste out of his mouth."A dedicated Teamsters Union worker was attending a  convention in Las Vegas and, as you would expect, decided to check out the local brothels nearby. When he got to the first one, he asked the Madam, "Is this a union house?" "No," she replied, "I'm sorry, it isn't."

"Well, if I pay you $100.00, what cut do the girls get?"  "The house gets $80.00 and the girls get $20.00."

Mightily offended at such unfair dealings, the man stomped off down the street in search of a more equitable, hopefully unionized, shop. His search continued until finally he reached a brothel where the Madam responded, "Why, yes sir, this IS a Union House."  
 
The man asked, "And if I pay you $100.00, what cut do the girls get?"  "The girls get $80.00 and the house gets $20."  That's more like it!" the UAW man said. He handed the Madam $100.00, looked around the room and pointed to a stunningly attractive blonde.  "I'd like her for the night."   "I'm sure you would, sir," said the Madam, then gesturing to an 85 year old woman in the corner, "but Ethel here has seniority."One day, while a woodcutter was cutting a branch of a tree above a river, his axe fell into the river. When he cried out, the Lord appeared and asked, "Why are you crying?" The woodcutter replied that his axe has fallen into water, and he needed the axe to make his living.

The Lord went down into the water and reappeared with a golden axe. "Is this your axe?" the Lord asked.

The woodcutter replied, "No."

The Lord again went down and came up with a silver axe.?

"Is this your axe?" the Lord asked.

Again, the woodcutter replied, "No."

The Lord went down again and came up with an iron axe.?

"Is this your axe?" the Lord asked.

The woodcutter replied, "Yes."

The Lord was pleased with the man's honesty and gave him all three axes to keep, and the woodcutter went home happy.

Some time later the woodcutter was walking with his wife along the riverbank, and his wife fell into the river. When he cried out, the Lord again appeared and asked him, "Why are you crying?"

"Oh Lord, my wife has fallen into the water!"

The Lord went down into the water and came up with Jennifer Lopez. "Is this your wife?" the Lord asked.

"Yes," cried the woodcutter.

The Lord was furious. "You lied! That is an untruth!"

The woodcutter replied, "Oh, forgive me, my Lord. It is a misunderstanding. You see, if I had said 'no' to Jennifer Lopez, You would have come up with Catherine Zeta-Jones. Then if I also said 'no' to her, you would have come up with my wife. Had I then said 'yes,' you would have given me all three. Lord, I am a poor man, and am not able to take care of all three wives, so THAT'S why I said yes to Jennifer Lopez."

The moral of this story is: Whenever a man lies, it is for a good and honorable reason, and for the benefit of others.

That's our story, and we're sticking to it!Lena called the airlines information desk and inquired, "How long does it take to fly from Minneapolis to Fargo?" "Just a minute," said the busy clerk. "Vell, said Lena, "if it has to go dat fast, I tink I'll just take da bus."The judge had just awarded a divorce to Lena, who had charged non-support. He said to Ole, "I have decided to give your wife $400 a month for support." "Vell, dat's fine, Judge," said Ole. "And vunce in a while I'll try to chip in a few bucks, myself."Ole is so cheap that after his airplane landed safely he grumbled, "Vell, dere gose five dollars down da drain for dat flight insurance!"A man had a very smart dog. He tried selling it for around $45, but everybody thought it was too expensive. The man couldn't lower the price because part of the deal was to buy it a new name tag, 5 lbs. of food, and a new toy.

After long thought he decided to get rid of the dog. He drove 20 miles out of town and dropped the dog off. When he arrived home, the dog was on the porch. He was baffled by this, so he went out of town 80 miles the next day and dropped his dog off in the woods. He went home only to find his dog on the porch.

Next day he was mad, so he drove 170 miles out of town taking the most complicated way possible and dropped his dog off. He started driving around trying to find his way home, but he couldn't. He called his wife on his cell phone and asked, "Honey, is the dog home?" His wife responded, "Yes, why?" The man said, "Put him on the phone - I need directions."What is black and white and red all over?


An embarrassed zebraOle and Lena got married. On their honeymoon trip they were nearing Minneapolis when Ole put his hand and on Lena's knee. 

Giggling, Lena said, "Ole, you can go a little farther now if ya vant to." 

So Ole drove to Duluth.Ole died. So Lena went to the local paper to put a notice in the obituaries. The gentleman at the counter, after offering his condolences, asked Lena what she would like to say about Ole. 

Lena replied, "You just put 'Ole died.' " 

The gentleman, somewhat perplexed, said, "That's it? Just 'Ole died?' Surely, there must be something more you'd like to say about Ole. If it's money you're concerned about, the first five words are free. We must say something more." 

So Lena pondered for a few minutes! and finally said, "O.K. You put 'Ole died. Boat for sale.' "Ole and Lars were on their very first train ride. They had brought along bananas for lunch. Just as they began to peel them, the train entered a long, dark tunnel. 

"Have you eaten your banana yet?" Ole asked excitedly 

"No," replied Lars. 

"Vell, don't touch it den," Ole exclaimed. "I yust took vun bite and vent blind!"Ole bought Lena a piano for her birthday. A few weeks later, Lars inquired how she was doing with it. 

"Oh," said Ole, "I persuaded her to svitch to a clarinet." 

"How come?" asked Lars 

"Vell," Ole answered, "because vith a clarinet she can't sing."Ole and Lena went to the Olympics. 

While sitting on a bench a lady turned to Ole and said, "Are you a pole vaulter?" 

Ole said, "No, I'm Norvegian...and my name isn't Valter."Two elderly ladies are sitting on the front porch. One lady turns and asks,  "Do you still get frisky?" 

The other replies, "Oh, sure I do."  

The first woman asks, "What do you do about it?" 

The second old lady replies, "I suck a lifesaver." 

After a few moments, the first old lady asks, "Who drives you to the beach?"Q: Do you know why doctors slap babies on the butt after they are born?

A: It knocks the penises off of the dumb ones.Some people say that I'm superficial, but that's just on the surface.Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.Marriage changes passion. Suddenly you're in bed with a relative.I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with "Guess" on it. 

So I said "Implants?" 

She hit me.I don't do drugs. 

I get the same effect just standing up fast.Sign in a Chinese Pet Store: "Buy one dog, get one flea..."I live in my own little world. But it's OK. They know me here.I got a sweater for Christmas. I really wanted a screamer or a moaner.If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal?I don't approve of political jokes. I've seen too many of them get elected.There are two sides to every divorce: Yours and shithead's.I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.Every day I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive.How come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?Isn't having a smoking section in a restaurant like having a peeing section in a swimming pool?Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?Snowmen fall from Heaven unassembled.Every time I walk into a singles bar I can hear Mom's wise words: "Don't pick that up, you don't know where it's been!"Today is International Day of The Very Good Looking, Beautiful and Damn Attractive People, so send this message to someone you think fits this description. Please do not send it back to me as I have already received over one thousand messages and my inbox is jammed full.Not only am I redundant and superfluous, but I also tend to use more words than necessary.Life is full of uncertainties...or could I be wrong about that?A couple of weeks ago the clouds over western Washington were moving to the west. Normally they head east, inland over the mountains to central Washington and beyond. 

Scientists blamed the switch on mad cloud disease.A good friend will come and bail you out of jail...but, a true friend will be sitting next to you saying, "Damn...that was fun!"??Energizer Bunny arrested - charged with battery. 

A pessimist's blood type is always b-negative. 

Practice safe eating - always use condiments. 

A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother. 

Shotgun wedding: A case of wife or death. 

I used to work in a blanket factory, but it folded. 

If electricity comes from electrons... does that mean that morality comes from morons? 

Marriage is the mourning after the knot before.A hangover is the wrath of grapes. 

Corduroy pillows are making headlines. 

Is a book on voyeurism a peeping tome? 

Dancing cheek-to-cheek is really a form of floor play. 

Banning the bra was a big flop. 

Sea captains don't like crew cuts. 

Does the name Pavlov ring a bell? 

A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. 

A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor. 

Without geometry, life is pointless. 

When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination. 

Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion. 

Reading whilst sunbathing makes you well-red. 

When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I. 

Alarms: What an octopus is.Crick: The sound that a Japanese camera makes. 

Dockyard: A physician's garden. 

Incongruous: Where bills are passed. 

Khakis: What you need to start the car in Boston. 

Oboe: An English tramp. 

Pasteurize: Too far to see. 

Propaganda: A gentlemanly goose. 

Toboggan: Why we go to an auctionA man walks into a bar. He sees a good looking, smartly dressed woman perched on a bar stool. He walks up behind her and says, "Hi there, good looking, how's it going?" 

Having already had a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says, 'Listen! I'll screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, front door, back door, it doesn't matter. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college. I just flat ass love it." 

Eyes now wide with interest he says, "No kidding, I'm a lawyer too! What firm are you with?"15 PIECES OF ADVICE TO BE PASSED ON TO YOUR DAUGHTERS:

1. Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers.

2. What do you do if your boyfriend walks out? You shut the door.

3. If they put a man on the moon - they should be able to put them all up there

4. Never let your man's mind wander - it's too little to be out alone.

5. Go for the younger man. You might as well, they never mature anyway.

6. Men are all the same - they just have different faces, so that you can tell them apart.

7. Definition of a bachelor: a man who has missed the opportunity to make some woman miserable.

8. Women don't make fools of men - most of them are the do-it-yourself types.

9. Best way to get a man to do something is to suggest he is too old for it.

10. Love is blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.

11. If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.

12. The children of Israel wandered around the desert for 40 years. Even in Biblical times, men wouldn't ask for directions.

13. If he asks what sort of books you're interested in, tell him checkbooks.

14. Remember a sense of humor does not mean that you tell him jokes, it means that you laugh at his.

15. Sadly, all men are created equal.Jesse Jackson, Jim Baker and Jimmy Swaggert have written an impressive new book. It's called "Ministers Do More Than Lay People."There are only eleven times in history where the "F" word has been considered acceptable for use. They are as follows:
 
11. "What the fuck do you mean we are sinking?"
Capt. E.J. Smith of RMS Titanic, 1912
 
10. "What the fuck was that?"
Mayor Of Hiroshima, 1945
 
9. "Where did all those fucking Indians come from?"
Custer, 1877
 
 8 "Any fucking idiot could understand that."
Einstein, 1938
 
7. "It does so fucking look like her!"
Picasso, 1926
 
6. "How the fuck did you work that out?"
Pythagoras, 126 BC
 
5. "You want WHAT on the fucking ceiling?"
Michelangelo, 1566
 
4. "Where the fuck are we?"
Amelia Earhart, 1937
 
3. "Scattered fucking showers, my ass!"
Noah, 4314 BC
 
2. "Aw c'mon. Who the fuck is going to find out?"
Bill Clinton, 1999
 
and a drum roll............!!!!
 
1. "Geez, I didn't think they'd get this fucking mad."
Sadaam Hussein, 2003A bicycle can't stand alone because it is two tired.What's the definition of a will? 

(It's a dead giveaway).Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.A backward poet writes inverse.She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but broke it off.A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed.When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.Not to worry: the man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.The difference between the Pope and your boss.... 

The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring.My mind works like lightning. One brilliant flash and it is gone.The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable. Now, of course there's shipping and handling, too.A husband is someone who, after taking the trash out, gives the impression that he just cleaned the whole house.My next house will have no kitchen -- just vending machines and a large trash can.A brunette said, "I was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off. I was relieved when he told me all I needed was turn signal fluid."I'm so depressed. My doctor refused to write me a prescription for Viagra. He said it would be like putting a new flagpole on a condemned building.I hate sex in the movies. Tried it once. The seat folded up, the drink spilled and that ice, well, it really chilled the mood.A man who had been shipwrecked on a desert island for several years is starting to feel the effects of being starved of sex for so long. However, the only living creatures on the island are a dog and a pig. One day, the man decides he's had enough and thinks to himself that it has to be the pig. But every time he approaches the sow for his moment of passion the dog bites the man's backside. This continues for several days and the man is beginning to get frustrated. But one morning, the man's luck changes: out to sea he notices a beautiful young woman on the point of drowning. He swims over, drags her out on to the beach and gives her the kiss of life. The woman comes to and is very grateful. "Thank you so much," she says. "I will do anything for you, and I mean absolutely anything." The man can't believe his luck and quickly replies, "You wouldn't mind taking that bloody dog for a walk would you?"A drunk goes to the doctor complaining of tiredness and headaches. 'I feel tired all the time,' he slurs, 'My head hurts, I've got a sore bum, and I'm not sleeping. What is it doc?'
Frowning the doctor examines him thoroughly before standing back. 
'I can't find anything wrong,' he says.'It must be the drinking.'
'Fair enough,' replies the drunk.'I'll come back when you're sober.'40-ish....................................49
Adventurer.............................Slept with all your friends
Athletic..................................No tits
Average looking......................Has a face like a basset hound
Beautiful................................Pathological liar
Contagious Smile....................Does a lot of Ecstasy
Educated..........................Banged her Political Science professor
Emotionally Secure.................Medicated
Feminist..................................Fat ball buster
Free spirit...............................Junkie
Friendship first................Trying to live down reputation as a slut
Fun......................................Annoying
Gentle...................................Comatose
Good Listener........................Borderline Autistic
New-Age...............................All body hair, all the time
Old-fashioned.......Lights out, missionary position only, no BJs
Open-minded..........................Desperate
Outgoing................................Loud and Embarrassing
Passionate..............................Sloppy drunk
Poet.......................................Depressive Schizophrenic
Professional............................Certified Bitch
Redhead.................................Bad dye-job
Reubenesque...........................Grossly Fat
Romantic................................Looks better by candle light
Social..............Has been passed around like an hors d'oeuvres tray
Voluptuous.............................Very Fat
Height/weight proportional.......Hugely Fat
Wants Soul mate......................Stalker
Widow................................Drove first husband to shoot himself
Young at heart. .......................Old bat40-ish.....................................52 and looking for 25-yr-old
Athletic.................. .................Watches a lot of NASCAR
Average looking...........Unusual hair growth on ears, nose, &back
Educated..............................Will patronize the shit out of you
Free Spirit........... ...................Banging your sister
Friendship first...................As long as friendship involves nookie
Fun.................................Good with a remote and a six pack
Good looking...........................Arrogant
Very good looking....................Dumb as a board
Honest....................................Pathological Liar
Huggable.......................Overweight, more body hair than a bear
Likes to cuddle........................Insecure mama's boy
Mature....................................Older than your father
Open-minded....Wants to sleep with your roommate but she's not interested
Physically fit............................Does a lot of 12-ounce curls
Poet.......................Wrote ex-girlfriend's phone number on a bathroom stall
Sensitive..................................Cries at chick flicks
Very sensitive...........................Gay
Spiritual....................................Got laid in a cemetery once
Stable..........................Arrested for stalking, but not convicted
Thoughtful......................Says "Excuse me" when he fartsMy neighbor was bit by a stray rabid dog. I went to see how he was and found him writing frantically on a piece of paper. 

I told him rabies could be cured and he didn't have to worry about a will. 

He said, "Will? What will? I'm making a list of the people I want to bite."Definition of a teenager? 

God's punishment for enjoying sex.As we slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point the wrong way.Progress in airline flying; 

Now a flight attendant can get a pilot pregnant.I remember when sex was safe and flying was dangerous.Flashlights are tubular metal containers kept in a flight bag for the purpose of storing dead batteries.The three best things in life are a good landing, a good orgasm, and a good bowel movement. The night carrier landing is one of the few opportunities in life where you get to experience all three at the same time. 
(Author unknown, but someone who's been there)What is the similarity between air traffic controllers and pilots? 

If a pilot screws up, the pilot dies; if ATC screws up, the pilot dies.A professor was giving a big test one day to his students. He handed out all of the tests and went back to his desk to wait. 

Once the test was over, the students all handed the tests back in. The professor noticed that one of the students had attached a $100 bill to his test with a note saying, "A dollar per point." 

The next class the professor handed the tests back out. This student got back his test and $56 change.A little girl had just finished her first week of school. "I'm wasting my time," she said to her mother.

"I can't read, I can't write - and they won't let me talk!" 
--------------------
On the way home from the first day of school, the father asked his son, "What did you do at school today?" 

The little boy shrugged his shoulders and said, "Nothing". 

Hoping to draw his son into conversation, the father persisted and said, "Well, did you learn about any numbers, study certain letters, or maybe a particular color?" 

The perplexed child looked at his father and said, "Daddy, didn't you go to school when you were a little boy?"On Saturday afternoon, I was sitting in my lawn chair drinking beer and watching my wife mow the lawn. The neighbor lady from across the street was so outraged at this that she came over and shouted at me, "You should be hung."

I took a drink from my can of Budweiser, wiped the cold foam from my lips, lifted my darkened Ray ban Sunglasses and stared directly at this nosey neighbor and then calmly replied, "I am, that's why she cuts the grass."There was a man, let's call him Gregory. Gregory was carrying a small box, and he went to another man's house (we'll call him Jebediah) and knocked on the door. When Jebediah answered, Gregory said "I have a proposition for you. Take this box. There is a button inside. If you press the button before I return, someone that you don't know will die. Tomorrow, I will return. If you have pressed the button, I will give you $20,000."

Gregory left the box with Jebediah. Jebediah had to consider what he was going to do. Eventually he decided that he didn't care about the person, and he pressed the button.

The next day, Gregory returned to take back the box. "Well then, I belive that this is yours," he said, giving $20,000 to Jebediah. "Thank you," Jebediah said. "By the way, I'm just curious: What are you going to do with the box now?"

"I'm going to give it to someone that doesn't know you."An old farmer in Georgia had owned a large farm for several years. He had a large pond in the back, fixed up nice; picnic tables, horseshoe courts, basketball court, etc. The pond was properly shaped and fixed up for swimming when it was built.

One evening the old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny dipping in his pond.

He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end of the pond.  One of the women shouted to him, "We're not coming out until you leave!"

The old man replied, "I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked." 

"I'm here to feed the alligator."

Moral: Old age and cunning will triumph over youth and enthusiasm every time.Queen Elizabeth and Dolly Parton die on the same day, and they both go before the angel to find out if they'll be admitted to heaven.

Unfortunately, there's only one space left that day, so the angel must decide which of them gets in.

The angel asks Dolly if there's some particular reason why she should go to heaven, whereupon she takes off her top and says, "Look at these. They're the most perfect breasts God ever created, and I'm sure it will please God to be able to see them every day, for eternity."

The angel thanks Dolly, and asks Her Majesty the same question. The Queen drops her skirt and panties, takes a bottle of Perrier out of her purse, shakes it up, and douches with it. The angel says, "OK, your Majesty, you may go in."

Dolly is outraged..."What was that all about? I show you two of God's own perfect creations and you turn me down. She performs a rude act of hygiene and she gets in. Would you explain that to me?"

"Sorry, Dolly," says the angel, "but even in heaven, a royal flush beats a pair, no matter how big they are."From a strictly mathematical viewpoint it goes like this: What makes 100%?

What does it mean to give MORE than 100%?

Ever wonder about those people who say they are giving more than 100%?

We have all been to those meetings where someone wants you to give over 100%.

How about achieving 103%?

Here's a little mathematical formula that might help you answer these questions:

If: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z is represented as:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26

Then: H-A-R-D-W-O-R-K = 8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11 = 98%

and, K-N-O-W-L-E-D-G-E = 11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5 = 96%

But, A-T-T-I-T-U-D-E = 1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5 = 100% .

..And, B-U-L-L-S-H-I-T = 21+12+12+19+8+9+20 = 103%

AND, look how far ass kissing will take you:

A-S-S--K-I-S-S-I-N-G = 1+19+19+11+9+19+19+9+14+7 = 118%

So, one can then conclude with mathematical certainty that:

While, hard work and knowledge will get you close, and, attitude will get you there, bullshit and ass kissing will put you over the top!"You certainly look cool."
"Thanks, you don't look so hot yourself."Never hold your farts in. 
They travel up your spine, into your brain, 
and that's where you get shitty ideas from.A girl's legs are her best friends, but the best of friends must part.
-- Redd FoxxA Pakistani guy named Abdul was ringing in flour at his grocery store, and the bag broke, covering him with flour. Abdul rushes home to take a shower. He enters his house and his wife says to him, "Abdul, you're white, what happened to you?"
Abdul says "I was ringing in flour, the bag broke, I go take shower." He runs upstairs and he runs into his son. His son says "Daddy, you're a white man, what happened?" Abdul said "I was ringing in flour, the bag broke, I go take shower." He proceeds towards the bathroom when he is stopped by his daughter. His daughter said "Daddy, you're all white, what happened?" He screams "I've only been white for half an hour, and already I hate you damn pakies!"Johnny was walking down the street pulling his wagon when he stubbed his toe. He was swearing like crazy when a priest comes up to him and says "Johnny, I wouldn't say such things, God is everywhere." 

Intrigued by the priest's comment, he questions the priest. "Is God over there?" he says pointing to a tree. "Yes Johnny, God is over there by that tree!" says the priest. 

"Is god right here?" Johnny said pointing right beside him. "Yes Johnny God is right beside you." says the priest. 

"Is God in my red wagon?" asks Johnny. "Yes Johnny, God is in your red wagon." says the priest. 

"Is god in my basement?" asks Johnny. "Yes Johnny, God is in your basement." says the priest. 

Johnny screams "You're a liar, I don't have a basement!"Q. What does HMO stand for?
A. This is actually a variation of the phrase "HEY MOE." Its roots go back to a concept pioneered by Moe of the Three Stooges, who discovered that a patient could be made to forget about the pain in his foot if he was poked hard enough in the eyes.

Q. I just joined an HMO. How difficult will it be to choose the doctor I want?
A . Just slightly more difficult than choosing your parents. Your insurer will provide you with a book listing all the doctors in the plan. These doctors basically fall into two categories - those who are no longer accepting new patients, and those who will see you but are no longer participating in the plan! But don't worry; the remaining doctor who is still in the plan and accepting new patients has an office just a half-day's drive away and has a diploma from a Third World Country.

Q. Do all diagnostic procedures require pre-certification? 
A. No. Only those you need.

Q. Can I get coverage for my pre-existing conditions?
A. Certainly, as long as they don't require any treatment.

Q. What happens if I want to try alternative forms of medicine?
A. You'll need to find alternative forms of payment.

Q. My pharmacy plan only covers generic drugs, but I need the name brand. I tried the Generic Medication, but it gave me a stomach ache. What should I do?
A. Poke yourself in the eyes.

Q. What if I'm away from home and I get sick?
A. You really shouldn't do that.

Q. I think I need to see a specialist, but my doctor insists he can handle my problem. Can a general practitioner really perform a heart transplant right in his office?
A. Hard to say, but considering that all you're risking is the $15 co-payment, there's no harm in giving him a shot at it.

Q. Will health care be different in the next century?
A. No. But if you call right now, you might get an appointment by then."My karma ran over my dogma."
-AnonymousWhen you are dating..... Farting is never an issue.
When you are married ....You make sure there's nothing flammable near your husband at all times.

When you are dating..... He takes you out to have a good time.
When you are married ....He brings home a 6 pack, and says "What are you going to drink?"

When you are dating..... He holds your hand in public.
When you are married ....He flicks your ear in public.

When you are dating..... A Single bed for 2 isn't THAT bad.
When you are married ....A King size bed feels like an army cot.

When you are dating..... You are turned on at the sight of him naked.
When you are married ....You think to yourself "Was he ALWAYS this hairy????"

When you are dating..... You enjoyed foreplay.
When you are married ....You tell him "If we have sex, will you leave me alone???"

When you are dating..... He hugs you, when he walks by you for no reason.
When you are married ....He grabs your boob any chance he gets.

When you are dating..... You picture the two of you together, growing old together.
When you are married ....You wonder who will die first.

When you are dating..... Just looking at him makes you feel all "mushy."
When you are married ....When you look at him, you want to claw his eyes out.

When you are dating..... He knows what the "hamper" is.
When you are married ....The floor will suffice as a dirty clothes storage area.

When you are dating..... He understands if you "Aren't in the mood."
When you are married ....He says "It's your job."

When you are dating..... He understands that you have "male" friends.
When you are married ....He thinks they are all out to steal you away.

When you are dating..... He likes to "discuss" things.
When you are married ....He develops a "blank" stare.

When you are dating..... He calls you by name.
When you are married ....He calls you "Hey" and refers to you when speaking to others as "She."What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion?

A piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes!Bin Laden is sitting with his son and they are watching the Twin Towers collapse.
His son asks him, "Dad, which film is this?" to which he replied, "Son, this isn't a film, this is a series."Why does a blonde keep lowering her head in the supermarket?

She is looking for low prices.What does a blonde have on her when she is naked?

A working uniform.How would you drown a blond?
Put a mirror at the bottom of the swimming poolHow does a blond turn the light on after sex?

ANSWER: She opens the car door.Why does the blond take off the doors from the bathroom when she is having a wash?

ANSWER: So no one would look through the keyhole.Why is it good to have a blond in your car?

ANSWER: You can park on places for disabledWhat is the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?

It's easier to open the legs on the blonde.What does a blond say when she is watching a porn movie?

ANSWER: "Look, me!"Driving to Louisana on the interstate, I looked over to my left and there was a woman in a brand new Cadillac doing 65 mph with her face up next to her rear view mirror putting on her eyeliner. 
 
I looked away for a couple seconds and when I looked back she was halfway over in my lane, still working on that makeup. As a man, I don't scare easily. But she scared me so much; I dropped my electric shaver, which knocked the donut out of my other hand. In all the confusion of trying to straighten out the car using my knees against the steering wheel, it knocked my cell phone away from my ear which fell into the coffee between my legs, splashed, and burned Big Jim and the Twins, ruined the damn phone, soaked my trousers, and disconnected an important call. 

Darn women drivers!"This is Captain Sinclair speaking. On behalf of my crew I'd like to welcome you aboard British Airways flight 602 from New York to London. We are currently flying at a height of 35,000 feet midway across the Atlantic.
"If you look out of the windows on the starboard side of the aircraft, you will observe that both the starboard engines are on fire.
"If you look out of the windows on the port side, you will observe that the port wing has fallen off.
"If you look down towards the Atlantic ocean, you will see a little yellow life raft with three people in it waving at you.
"That's me your captain, the co-pilot, and one of the air stewardesses. This is a recorded message. Have a good flight!"Why does a blond stand next to a mirror with her hands on her eyes?

She wants to see how she looks like when she is sleeping.Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a tortoise?

A: The blond is better on her back than the tortoise.A man is passing a blonde and he says, "Where are those legs going?" and the blonde answers, "They are going home for now unless something comes between them."3 blondes caught a goldfish, and the fish said if they let her go she will grant them one wish each. The first blonde said: "I want to be smart." The second said: "I want to be smarter than her," and the third said: "I want to be the smartest."
In the morning they woke up and the first blonde turned into a brunette, second black and the third one had become a man.Have you heard about the blonde that started writing a diary of all her thoughts?
Yes, after 3 years she is on the second page now.A lady walks into a drug store and tells the pharmacist she needs some cyanide. 
 
The pharmacist said, "Why in the world do you need cyanide?" 
 
The lady explained she needed it to poison her husband.  The pharmacist's eyes got big and he said, "Lord have mercy, I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! That's against the law! They'll throw both of us in jail and I'll lose my license." 
 
Then the lady reached into her purse and pulled out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacist's wife and handed it to the pharmacist. 
The pharmacist looked at the picture and replied, "Well now, you didn't tell me you had a prescription."James came to school late.

TEACHER: James, why are you late?

JAMES: I had to take the cow to the bull to mate.

TEACHER: Couldn't your father do that? 

JAMES: No, I think it's better for the bull to do it.Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. 
Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. 
Do not walk beside me either. 
Just pretty much leave me the hell alone.The journey of a thousand miles ...


begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.Sex is like air. 
It's not important... 

unless you aren't getting any.Never test the depth of the water with both feet.If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again...

It was probably worth it.Billy Joe Bob, while not a brilliant scholar, was a gifted portrait artist. His fame grew and soon people from all over the country were coming to him for paintings.

One day, a beautiful young woman pulled up to his house in a stretch limo. She asked Billy Joe Bob if he would paint her in the nude.  This was the first time anyone had made this request.  The beautiful lady said money was no object; she was willing to pay $50,000.

Not wanting to get into trouble with his wife, Billy Joe Bob asked the lady to wait while he went in the house and conferred with his wife.

In a few minutes, he returned and told the lady he was willing to do it. However, he would have to leave his socks on so he would have some place to wipe his brushes.Some days you are the bug.

Some days you are the windshield.Don't worry; 

it only seems kinky the first time.Good judgment comes from bad experience, 

and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.There are two theories to arguing with women.

Neither one works.Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your lips are moving.We are born naked, wet and hungry, and get slapped on our ass...
then things get worse.Everyone seems normal until you get to know themThere is a fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness."Four girls were playing a game of tag.  All of them had really long names that were hard to say, so one person thought of the idea of giving themselves nicknames.
One suggested thinking of funny names, so the really tall girl was named 'Shorty'.  
The really thin girl was named 'fatty'.
The next girl was very 'girlish', so they named her 'tomboy'.
The last girl was the hardest to pick a name for, because she was not tall or short, fat or thin, a girly girl or a tomboy.
Finally it came to them.  Now there is Shorty, Fatty, Tomboy, and Smarty.Roses are red,
Roses are yellow;
Grandfather's teeth
Are lost in the Jello.You don't have any luck at all if:

-The guarantee on your used car expires two hours before the car's engine does.

- You start to go bald at the same time you reach puberty.

-You get your BIG break and make the football team only to trip over the bench and break your leg.

-You find a ten-dollar bill and get arrested when you try to spend it because it's counterfeit.Waitress: "Would you like your coffee black?"
Customer: "What other colors do you have?"Tex: "My uncle can shoot a gun faster than any other man in the West. He can even shoot without removing the gun from his Holster."

Rex: "What do they call your uncle?"

Tex: "Toeless Joe."The sheriff of a small western town was also the town veterinarian. Late one night the phone rang, and his wife answered it.

"Is your husband there?" asked an agitated voice.

"Do you require my husband's services as a sheriff or as a veterinarian?" She asked.

"Both," came the reply. "We can't get our dog's mouth open, and there's a burglar in it."Sam: "Where have I seen your face before?"
Pam: "Right where it is now."Doctor: "Stop worrying so much. Forget your troubles. Throw yourself into your work."

Patient: "But, Doc, I mix paint for a living!"As I was packing for my business trip, my 3-year old daughter was having a wonderful time playing on the bed. At one point, she said, "Daddy, look at this," and stuck out two of her fingers. 

Trying to keep her entertained, I reached out and stuck her tiny fingers in my mouth and said, "Daddy's gonna eat your fingers!" pretending to eat them before I rushed out of the room again. 

When I returned, my daughter was standing on the bed staring at her fingers with a devastated look on her face. 

I said, "What's wrong, honey?" 
She replied, "What happened to my booger?"Dear Lord, I pray for: 

Wisdom, To understand a man 

Love, To forgive him and 

Patience, For his moods 

Because, Lord, if I pray for Strength 

I'll just beat him to deathA small boy stunned his parents after Sunday School when he began to empty his pockets of nickels, dimes and quarters. Finally his mother asked the obvious question, "Where did you get all that money?"

"At church," the boy replied nonchalantly. "They have bowls of it."This test only has one question, but it's a very important one. By giving an honest answer you will be able to find out where you stand morally.

The test features an unlikely fictional situation, in which you will have to make a decision one way or the other. Remember that your answer needs to be completely honest and spontaneous. From the gut.

Please scroll down slowly and consider the scenario carefully.  This is important for the test to work accurately.
 
You're a freelance photographer in Florida. You are caught in a great disaster. A hurricane has caused great chaos and severe flooding. There are huge masses of water swirling around you but you somehow manage to crawl to safety on the roof of a building. The situation is nearly horrifying. But you're trying to shoot some photographs of what you see.

There are houses and people being swept away by the raging waters, certainly to be swallowed up forever. Nature is showing all its destructive power, claiming everything in its path.
 
Suddenly you see a flailing man in the water, moving swiftly by but within reach. He's fighting for his life, trying not to be sucked under and drowned.

Suddenly you realize you know this man. You look closer. Yes, you're right. You do know him. It's George W. Bush! And you know he is doomed if you don't reach out to him.

You have two options. You can save the life of the President of the United States or you can take a Pulitzer prize-winning photograph recording the tragic demise of the most powerful man in the world for all posterity.

Here's the question (please search your soul and give an honest answer):

Which would you choose, color film or black and white?"I feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here."
-Stephen Bishop
 
"I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial."
- Irvin S. Cobb
 
"I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure."
- Clarence Darrow
 
"He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary."
- William Faulkner (about Ernest Hemingway)
 
"He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others."
-Samuel Johnson
 
"He had delusions of adequacy."
- Walter Kerr
 
"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it." 
-Groucho Marx
 
"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it."
- Mark Twain
 
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go."
-Oscar Wilde
 
"He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends."
-Oscar Wilde
 
"He has Van Gogh's ear for music."
- Billy WilderSister Margaret had been a model nun all her life, but then she was called to her reward. As she approached the pearly gates, Saint Peter said "Hold on, Sister Margaret, not so fast!"

"But I have been good all my life and dedicated to the work of the Lord. From the time I was taken in as an infant by the sisters at the convent to my dying breath, I have lived for this moment!" Sister Margaret exclaimed in disbelief.

"That is just the problem," replied St. Peter, "you never learned right from wrong and to get into heaven, you must know the difference between right and wrong".

"Well, what can I do? I will do anything to get into heaven!" Sister Margaret pleaded.

"I am going to have to send you back down to Earth. When you get there,I want you to smoke a cigarette and call me when you are finished; we will discuss your situation then," ordered St. Peter.

Sister Margaret returned to Earth, smoked a Camel, and then immediately called St. Peter, coughing and hacking. Saint Peter," she gasped, "I can hardly breathe, my mouth tastes terrible, my breath stinks, I feel dizzy, and I think I am going to throw up"

"Good!" replied the old saint, "Now you are finally getting a feel for right and wrong. Now go out tonight and drink some hard liquor and call me back when you are ready."

Sister Margaret phoned St. Peter immediately after taking several belts of Jack Daniels. Saint Peter...I feel woozy...that vile liquid burned my throat and nauseated me...it is all I can do to keep it down."

"Good, good! Now you are starting to see the difference between right and wrong," said St. Peter with delight. "Tomorrow I want you to seek out a man and know him in the Biblical sense, then call me"

A week passed before Sister Margaret called St. Peter and left a message:

"Yo, Pete...it's Peggy...It's gonna be a while!What do you expect from such simple creatures!?
Your last name stays put.
The garage is all yours.
Wedding plans take care of themselves.
Chocolate is just another snack.
You can be president.
You can wear a white T-shirt to a water park.
You can wear NO T-shirt to a water park.
Car mechanics tell you the truth.
The world is your urinal.
You never have to drive to another gas station because this one's just too icky.
You don't have to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a bolt.
Same work, more pay.
Wrinkles add character.
Wedding dress - $5000; tux rental - $100.
People never stare at your chest when you're talking to them.
The occasional well-rendered belch is practically expected.
New shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your feet.
One mood, ALL the time.
Phone conversations are over in 30 seconds flat.
You know stuff about tanks.
A five-day vacation requires only one suitcase.
You can open all your own jars.
You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness.
If someone forgets to invite you, he or she can still be your friend.
Your underwear is $8.95 for a three-pack.
Three pairs of shoes are more than enough.
You almost never have strap problems in public.
You are unable to see wrinkles in your clothes.
Everything on your face stays its original color.
The same hairstyle lasts for years, maybe decades.
You only have to shave your face and neck
You can play with toys all your life.
Your belly usually hides your big hips.
One wallet and one pair of shoes, one color, all seasons.
You can wear shorts no matter how your legs look.
You can "do" your nails with a pocketknife.
You have freedom of choice concerning growing a mustache.
You can do Christmas shopping for 25 relatives, on December 24, in 45 minutes.
No wonder men are happier!"Why do you keep reading the Bible every day?" the teenage girl asked her grandfather. 

"Well, it's a bit like cramming for your final exam," said Granddad.In the hospital the relatives gathered in the waiting room, where their family member lay gravely ill.
 
Finally, the doctor came in looking tired and somber. "I'm afraid I'm the bearer of bad news," he said as he surveyed the worried faces. "The only hope left for your loved one at this time is a brain transplant. It's an experimental procedure, very risky but it is the only hope. Insurance will cover the procedure, but you will have to pay for the brain yourselves."
 
The family members sat silent as they absorbed the news. After a great length of time, someone asked, "Well, how much does a brain cost?"
 
The doctor quickly responded, "$5,000 for a male brain, and $200 for a female brain."
 
The moment turned awkward. Men in the room tried not to smile, avoiding eye contact with the women, but some actually smirked. A man unable to control his curiosity, blurted out the question everyone wanted to ask, "Why is the male brain so much more?"
 
The doctor smiled at the childish innocence and explained to the entire group, "It's just standard pricing procedure. We have to mark down the price of the female brains, because they've actually been used."10.  There's potpourri hanging from his/her collar.

9.  The dog's nails have been cut with pinking shears.

8.  The dog toys are all stored in McCoy crocks.

7.  The pooper scooper has been decorated with raffia bows.

6.  That telltale lemon slice in the new silver water bowl.

5.  You find liver and whole wheat dog treats stamped out with copper cookie cutters and decorated with royal icing using a #2 rosette tip.

4.  Dog hair has been collected and put into wire baskets for nesting material for the birds.

3.  A seasonally appropriate grapevine wreath adorns the front of your
dog's crate.

2.  Your dog goes outside naked and comes in wearing a thyme colored
virgin wool hand-knitted sweater with matching boots.

1.  The dog droppings in your backyard have been sculpted into swans.The owner of a golf course in Knoxville, Tennessee was confused about paying an invoice minus his early payment discount, so he decided to ask his secretary for some mathematical help.

He called her into his office and said, "You graduated from the University of Tennessee and I need some help. If I were to give you $20,000, minus 14%, how much would you take off?"

The secretary thought a moment, then replied, "Everything but my earrings."A girl was visiting her blonde friend who had acquired two new dogs, and asked her what their names were.

The blonde responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.

Her friend asked, "Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?"

"HellOOOooo," answered the blonde. "They're watch dogs."If you had purchased $1000.00 of Nortel stock one year ago, it would now be worth $49.00.  

With Enron, you would have $16.50 left of the original $1,000.00.  

With WorldCom, you would have less than $5.00 left.  

But, if you had purchased $1,000.00 worth of Beer one year ago, drank all the beer, then turned in the cans for the aluminum recycling price, you would have $214.00.  

Based on the above, current investment advice is to drink heavily and recycle.  It's called the 401-Keg Plan.TRADITIONAL ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You sell one and buy a bull.
Your herd multiplies and the economy grows.
You retire on the income.

INDIAN ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You worship them.

PAKISTAN ECONOMICS
You don't have any cows.
You claim that the Indian cows belong to you.
You ask the US for financial aid, China for military aid, Britain for warplanes, Italy for machines, Germany for technology, France for submarines, Switzerland for loans, Russia for drugs and Japan for equipment.
You buy the cows with all this and claim of exploitation by the world.

AMERICAN ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You sell one and force the other to produce the milk of four cows.
You profess surprise when the cow drops dead.
You put the blame on some nation with cows & naturally that nation will be a danger to mankind.
You wage a war to save the world and grab the cows.

FRENCH ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You go on strike because you want three cows.

GERMAN ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You reengineer them so that they live for 100 years, eat once a month and milk themselves.

BRITISH ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
They are both mad.

ITALIAN ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You don't know where they are. You break for lunch.

SWISS ECONOMICS
You have 5000 cows, none of which belong to you.
You charge others for storing them.

JAPANESE ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You redesign them so that they are one-tenth the size of an ordinary cow and produce twenty times the milk.
You then create cute cartoon cow images called Cowkimon and market them worldwide.

RUSSIAN ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You count them and learn you have five cows.
You count them again and learn you have 42 cows.
You count them again and learn you have 17 cows.
You give up counting and open another bottle of vodka.

CHINESE ECONOMICS
You have two cows.
You have 300 people milking them.
You claim full employment, high bovine productivity and arrest anyone reporting the actual numbers.

SRI LANKAN ECONOMICS
You have a cow and a bull,
You let the cow be president and the bull be prime minister and let them blame each other for the state the country is in.-During a thunderstorm, you build a giant boat and start stealing your neighbor's pets.

-When the boss criticizes your work, you hack off your right ear and mail it to him.

-Not only do you consider Yoko an artistic genius, you think she's beautiful and has a lovely singing voice.

-While working under the sink, you get this insatiable urge to paint a church ceiling.

-Out of luck winos are bringing you jugs of water.

-You're found writing down rules of the office on giant stone tablets.Lorena Bobbitt's sister Louella was arrested yesterday for an alleged attempt to perform the same act on her husband as her famous sister had done several years ago. Sources reveal the sister was not as accurate as Lorena.

She allegedly missed the target and stabbed her husband in the upper thigh causing severe muscle and tendon damage. The husband is reported to be in serious, but stable condition and Louella has been charged with a....




MisdewienerTwo Hindu swamis were in conversation.

One said to the other, "How did you like my latest book, 'The Art of Levitation'?"

His companion replied, "It kept me up all night."A Hindu devotee asked God, represented by the multi-armed Lord Narayana, this question. "My dear Lord," he said. "I understand that you have innumerable inconceivable potencies, but out of all of them the energy of light seems to be the most amazing. Light pervades the spiritual world, it illuminates the material universes, and life is impossible without it."

He continued, "I would like to know how you make it work."

"Oh, that's easy," was the reply. "Many hands make light work."Carol's husband, Arnie, was a male chauvinist. Even though they both worked full-time, he never helped around the house. Housework was a woman's work!

One evening Carol arrived home from work to find the children bathed, one load of clothes in the washer and another in the dryer, dinner on the stove, and the table set. She was astonished.

It turns out that Arnie had read an article that said wives who worked full-time and had to do their own housework were too tired to have sex. The night went well and the next day she told her office friends all about it.

"We had a great dinner. Arnie even cleaned up. He helped the kids do their homework, folded all the laundry and put everything away. I really enjoyed the evening."
 
"But what about afterward?" asked her friends.

"Oh, that was perfect too. Arnie was too tired!"Reporters interviewing a 104 year-old woman: "And what do you think is the best thing about being 104?" the reporter asked.


She simply replied, "No peer pressure."The nice thing about being senile is you can hide your own Easter eggs.I've sure gotten old. I've had 2 By-pass surgeries. A hip replacement, new knees. Fought prostate cancer, and diabetes.

I'm half blind, can't hear anything quieter than a jet engine, take 40 different medications that make me dizzy, winded, and subject to blackouts.

Have bouts with dementia. Have poor circulation, hardly feel my hands and feet anymore Can't remember if I'm 85 or 92. Have lost all my friends. But...Thank God, I still have my Florida driver's license!A 97 year old man goes into his doctor's office and says, "Doc, I want my sex drive lowered."

"Sir", replied the doctor, "You're 97. Don't you think your sex drive is all in your head?"
 
"You're damned right it is!" replied the old man. "That's why I want it lowered!"An elderly woman from Brooklyn decided to prepare her will and make her final requests. She told her rabbi she had two final requests.

First, she wanted to be cremated, and second, she wanted her ashes scattered over Bloomingdales.
 
"Bloomingdales!" the rabbi exclaimed. "Why Bloomingdales?"

 "Then I'll be sure my daughters visit me twice a week."1. Homosexuality is not natural, much like eyeglasses, polyester, and birth control. 

2. Heterosexual marriages are valid because they produce children. Infertile couples and old people can't legally get married because the world needs more children.

3. Obviously gay parents will raise gay children, since straight parents only raise straight children. 

4. Gay marriage will be less meaningful, since Britney Spears' 55-hour just-for-fun marriage was meaningful.

5. Heterosexual marriage has been around a long time and hasn't changed at all; women are property, blacks can't marry whites, and divorce is illegal.

6. Gay marriage should be decided by people not the courts, because the majority-elected legislatures, not courts, have historically protected the rights of the minorities.

7. Gay marriage is not supported by religion. In a theocracy like ours, the values of one religion are imposed on the entire country. That's why we have only one religion in America.

8. Gay marriage will encourage people to be gay, in the same way that hanging around tall people will make you tall.

9. Legalizing gay marriage will open the door to all kinds of crazy behavior. People may even wish to marry their pets because a dog has legal standing and can sign a marriage contract.

10. Children can never succeed without a male and a female role model at home. That's why single parents are forbidden to raise children.

11. Gay marriage will change the foundation of society. Heterosexual marriage has been around for a long time, and we could never adapt to new social norms because we haven't adapted to cars or longer life spans.

12. Civil unions, providing most of the same benefits as marriage with a different name are better, because a "separate but equal" institution is always constitutional. Separate schools for African-Americans worked just as well as separate marriages for gays and lesbians will.Share Critical Information Pertaining to Credit and Risk

A man is getting into the shower just as his wife is finishing up her shower when the doorbell rings. After a few seconds of arguing over which one should go and answer the doorbell, the wife gives up, quickly wraps herself up in a towel and runs downstairs. When she opens the door, there stands Bob, the next door neighbor.

Before she says a word, Bob says, "I'll give you $800 to drop that towel that you have on."

After thinking for a moment, the woman drops her towel and stands naked in front of Bob. After a few seconds, Bob hands her 800 dollars and leaves. Confused, but excited about her good fortune, the woman wraps back up in the towel and goes back upstairs.

When she gets back to the bathroom, her husband asks from the shower, 

"Who was that?"

"It was Bob, the next door neighbor," she replies.

"Great!" the husband says, "Did he say anything about the $800 he owes me?"

Moral of the story: If you share critical information pertaining to credit and risk in a timely fashion with your stockholders, you may be in a position to prevent avoidable exposure.Always be well informed

A priest was driving along and saw a nun on the side of the road. He stopped and offered her a lift which she accepted. She got in and crossed her legs, forcing her gown to open and reveal a lovely leg. The priest had a look and nearly had an accident. After controlling the car, he stealthily slid his hand up her leg. The nun looked at him and immediately said,"Father, remember Psalm 129?"

The priest was flustered and apologized profusely. He forced himself to remove his hand. Changing gear, he let his hand slide up her leg again. 

The nun once again said, "Father, remember Psalm 129?"

Once again the priest apologized. "Sorry sister, but the flesh is weak." Arriving at the convent, the nun got out, gave him a meaningful glance, and went on her way. On his arrival at the church, the priest rushed to retrieve a Bible and looked up Psalm 129. 

It said, "Go forth and seek. Further on, you will find glory."

Moral of the story: Always be well informed in your job, or you might miss a great opportunity.Respect leadership hierarchy wisely

A sales rep, an administration clerk and the manager are walking to lunch when they find an antique oil lamp. They rub it and a Genie comes out in a puff of smoke. The Genie says, "I usually only grant three wishes, so I'll give each of you just one."

"Me first! Me first!" says the admin clerk. "I want to be in the Bahamas, driving a speed boat, without a care in the world." Poof! She's gone.

In astonishment, "Me next! Me next!" says the sales rep. "I want to be in Hawaii, relaxing on the beach with my personal masseuse, an endless supply of pina coladas and the love of my life." Poof! He's gone.

"OK, you're up," the Genie says to the manager. The manager says, "I want those two back in the office after lunch."

Moral of the story: Always let your boss have the first say.The new army recruit was given guard duty at 2 a.m. He did his best for a while, but at about 4 a.m. he went to sleep. He awakened to find the officer of the day standing before him.

Remembering the heavy penalty for being asleep on guard duty, this smart young man kept his head bowed for another moment and looked upward and reverently said, "A-a-a-men!"A farmer had been taken several times by a local car dealer.  

One day, the car dealer informed the farmer that he was coming over to purchase a cow.  The farmer priced the unit as follows:

Basic Cow                                            $  999.95 
Shipping and Handling                                   35.75
Extra Stomach                                             79.25
Two-tone Exterior                                        142.10
Produce Storage Compartment                        128.50
Heavy Duty Straw Chopper                            189.60
4-Spigot/High Output Drain System                 149.20
Automatic Fly Swatter                                    88.50 
Genuine Cowhide Upholstery                          170.80
Deluxe Dual Horns                                       59.25
Automatic Fertilizer Attachment                     339.40
4 X 4 Traction Drive Assembly                       884.16
Pre-Delivery Wash and Comb                        69.80

Farmer Suggested List Price                       $ 3336.26
Additional Dealer Adjustment                     300.00 

Total list price
    (including options)                                $ 3636.26
Tax and Ear Tags                                    418.00

TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE                   $ 4054.26"It's no use. Art doesn't listen to me," said a little boy who was praying for a new bike.

"Art who?" asked the boy's mother.

"Art in heaven," came the reply.A guy on a date parks and gets the girl in the back seat and they make love. The girl wants it again and the guy obliges her. She wants more and they do it again. She still wants more and the guy says "Excuse me a minute I have to relieve myself."

While out of the car he notices a guy a half block away changing a flat.
He asks the guy "Look, I've got this gal in my car and I've given it to her four or five times and she still wants more. I'll change your flat if you'll take over for me."

The guy does and is just getting in the high numbers when a cop knocks on the window and shines a light on them.

The cop asks "What're you doing in there?"

The guy says "I'm making love to my wife."

The cop asks "Why don't you do that at home?"

The guy answers "To tell you the truth, I didn't know it was my wife until you shone the light on her."Q: How do babies get their belly buttons?

A: When God finishes making little babies, He lines them all up in a row, then he walks along in front of them. He pokes each one in the tummy with His finger and says, "You're done, you're done, you're done, - - -"Two men met at a bus stop and struck up a conversation.

One of them kept complaining of family problems.

Finally, the other man said: "You think you have family problems? Listen to my situation.

"A few years ago, I met a young widow with a grown-up daughter.

"We got married and I got myself a stepdaughter. Later, my father married my stepdaughter. That made my stepdaughter, my step-mother, and my father became my stepson. Also, my wife became mother-in-law of her father-in-law.

"Much later, the daughter of my wife, my stepmother, had a son.

"This boy was my half-brother because he was my father's son.

"But he was also the son of my wife's daughter which made him my wife's grand-son. That made me the grandfather of my half-brother.

"This was nothing, until my wife and I had a baby. Now the half-sister of my son, my stepmother, is also the grandmother.

"This makes my father the brother-in-law of my child, whose stepsister is my father's wife; I am my stepmother's brother-in-law, my wife is her own child's aunt, my son is my father's nephew and I am my OWN GRANDFATHER!

"And you think YOU have family problems!"An American dies and goes to hell. There he finds that there is a different hell for each country.

He goes first to the German hell and asks "What do they do here?"

He is told "First they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. Then the German devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day."

The man does not like the sound of that at all, so he moves on. He checks out the Chinese hell as well as the Russian hell and many more. He discovers that they are all more or less the same as the German hell.
   
Then he comes to the American hell and finds that there is a very long line of people waiting to get in. Amazed he asks "What do they do here?"

He is told "First they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. Then the American devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day."

"But  that is exactly the same as all the other hells - why are there so many people waiting to get in?"

"This is AMERICAN hell, that's why. Maintenance is so bad that the electric chair does not work; someone has stolen all the nails from the bed; and the devil is a former Govt servant, so he comes in, signs the register and then goes to the canteen."One day, after I took my dog to the vet, I stopped off at the grocery store to pick up some milk. So I left my dog in the car with the window rolled down so she could breathe. Because my dog is small, she could fit through the window of the car, but she is well trained enough to follow my commands. So I told her, "Stay. Stay there, don't move. Staaay."

A man loading his car with groceries next to me said, "You know, usually, I just put it in park!"Practice safe eating ...Always use condiments.What do you call it when you hear Vrrrrm.ERT.Vrmmm.Ert?
     Answer: A Blond at A Blinking Red Light.I heard you got a baby.

Dad: Yes, and I am very happy.

So what about the wife?

Dad: She still doesn't know.Beauty is only a light switch awayIf life is a waste of time,
and time is a waste of life,
then let's all get wasted together,
and have the time of our lives!Fighting for peace is like
screwing for virginity.No matter how good she looks,
some other guy is sick and tired
of putting up with her shit.Make love, not war. 

Hell, do both

GET MARRIED!A Woman's Rule of Thumb: 
If it has, tires, or testicles,
you're going to have trouble with it.A little guy goes into an elevator, looks up and sees this huge guy standing next to him. The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says, "7 feet tall, 350 lbs., 20 inch penis, testicles 3 lbs. each, Turner Brown."

The small guy just faints dead away and falls to the floor. The big dude kneels down and brings him to, by slapping and shaking him.  He asks, "Are  you Ok?"  In a very weak voice the little guy says, "Excuse me, but what did you just say to me?"

The big dude says, "When I saw the curious look on your face, I just figured I'd give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  "I'm 7 feet tall, weigh 350 lbs., have a 20 inch penis, my testicles  weigh 3 lbs. each. And my name is Turner Brown."

The small guy says, "Thank God!! I thought you said Turn Around".THINGS THAT  ARE DIFFICULT TO SAY WHEN YOU'RE DRUNK:

Indubitably

Innovative

Preliminary

Proliferation

Cinnamon

THINGS THAT ARE VERY DIFFICULT TO SAY WHEN YOU'RE DRUNK:

Specificity

British

Constitution

Passive-aggressive  disorder

Loquacious

Tran-substantiate

THINGS THAT ARE DOWNRIGHT IMPOSSIBLE TO SAY WHEN YOU'RE DRUNK:

Thanks, but I  don't want to have sex.

Nope, no  more booze for me.

Sorry, but  you're not really my type.

Good  evening officer isn't it lovely out tonight.

Oh, I just couldn't.

No one wants to hear me sing.This blonde goes into a restaurant and notices there's a "peel and win" sticker on her coffee cup. So, she peels it off and starts screaming, "I've won a motor home! I've won a motor home!"

The waitress says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize is a mini-van."

But the blonde keeps screaming, "I've won a motor home!  I've won a motor home."

Finally, the manager comes over and says, "Ma'am, I'm sorry, but you're mistaken. You couldn't possibly have won a motor home, because we didn't have that as a prize!"

The blonde says, "No, it's not a mistake. I've won a motor home!"

So, she hands the ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL".Q: What do you call a non-churchgoer?

A: A Seventh-Day AbsentistA young clergyman, fresh out of seminary, thought it would help him better understand the fears and temptations his future congregations faced if he first took a job as a policeman for several months. He passed the physical examination; then came the oral exam to test his ability to act quickly and wisely in an emergency. Among other questions he was asked, "What would you do to disperse a frenzied crowd?"

He thought for a moment and then said, "I would take up a collection."This guy and a girl were in a golf cart and the guy drops his tees out of his pocket and the lady asks what is he doing? So, the guy says: I put my balls on them and I drive them.Just in case you've had a rough day at work, here's a technique recommended in all the
latest psychological texts. 

1. Picture yourself near a stream.
2. Birds are softly chirping in the cool mountain air.
3. No one but you knows your secret place.
4. You are in total seclusion from the hectic place called "the world."
5. The soothing sound of a gentle waterfall fills the air with a cascade of
serenity.
6. The water is crystal clear.
7. You can easily make out the face of the person you're holding underwater...your boss...A teacher came into a class and told the students, "Class we have a new student..........go on tell us your name". 

The boy replied "I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-your-ass-from-tree-to-tree". 

The teacher said, "What!!!!".

The boy repeated "I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-your-ass-from-tree-to-tree".

The teacher said, "Go to the principal's office".

When he got there, the principal said, "Whats your name son?"

"I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-ur-ass-from-tree-to-tree," the boy answered.

The principal said "What!!!!".

The boy repeated "I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-your-ass-from-tree-to-tree".

"Go home and stay there for 5 days," the principal said.

While he was going home, a policeman stopped him and said, "Shouldn't you be at school?".

"They told me to go home" the boy replied.

"Just tell me your name," the police man said.

"I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-your-ass-from-tree-to-tree" the boy said.

The police man pulled a gun and shot the boy. The boy went to hell and met the devil.

The devil said, "Whats your name son?"

"I'm-a-bad-boy-from-tennesse-I'll-kick-your-ass-from-tree-to-tree," the boy answered.

The devil said "Oh, well i'm-the-devil-from-down-below-i'll-burn-your-ass-from-head-to-toe."After many years, a young Jewish Talmud student who had left the old country for America returns to visit the family.

"But--where is your beard?" asks his mother upon seeing him.

"Mama," he replies, "in America, nobody wears a beard."

"But at least you keep the Sabbath?"

"Mama, business is business. In America, everybody works on the Sabbath."

"But kosher food you still eat?"

"Mama, in America, it is very difficult to keep kosher."

The old lady ponders this information and then leans over and whispers in his ear, "Isaac, tell me--you're still circumcised?"Two little kids are in a hospital, lying on stretchers next to each other, outside the operating room. 

The first kid leans over and asks, "What are you in here for?" The second kid says, "I'm in here to get my tonsils out and I'm a little nervous." 

The first kid says, "You've got nothing to worry about. I had that done when I was four. They put you to sleep, and when you wake up they give you lots of Jello and ice cream. It's a breeze." 

The second kid then asks, "What are you here for?" The first kid says, "A circumcision." 

The second kid replies, "Whoa, Good luck buddy, I had that done when I was born. Couldn't walk for a year!The only thing the Internal Revenue Service has not
yet taxed is the penis.  
 
This is due to the fact that 40% of the time it is
hanging around unemployed.  30% of the time it is hard up, 20% of the time it is pissed off, and 10% of the time it's in the hole. It has two dependents, but they're nuts!

Effective January 2004, penises will be taxed according to size. The tax brackets are as follows:

10"-12" LUXURY TAX
8"-10" POLE TAX
5"-8" PRIVILEGE TAX
4"-5" NUISANCE TAX

Males exceeding 12 inches must file under capital
gains. Anyone under 4 inches is eligible for a refund.

PLEASE DO NOT ASK FOR AN EXTENSION!How many cheerleaders does it take to screw in a  light bulb?
They wouldn't, they might brake a nail!Two rednecks, Bubba and Earl, were driving down the road drinking a couple of bottles of Milby's. 

The passenger, Bubba, said, "Lookey thar up ahead, Earl, it's a po-lice roadblock! We're gonna get busted fer drinkin' these here beers!!" 

"Don't worry, Bubba," Earl said. "We'll just pull over and finish drinkin' these beers, peel off the label and stick it on our foreheads, and throw the bottles under the seat." 

"What fer?" asked Bubba. 

"Just let me do the talkin', OK?" said Earl. 

Well, they finished their beers, threw the empty bottles under the seat and each put a label on their forehead. 

When they reached the roadblock, the sheriff said, "You boys been drinkin'?" 

"No sir," Earl said. "We're on the patch."A man was sick and tired of going to work every day while his wife stayed home. He wanted her to see what he went through so he prayed, "Dear Lord, I go to work every day and put in 8 hours while my wife merely stays at home. I want her to know what I go through, so please create a trade in our bodies."
Now God, in his infinite wisdom, granted the man's wish.
The next morning, sure enough, the man awoke as a woman. He arose, cooked breakfast for his mate, awakened the kids, set out their school clothes, fed them breakfast, packed their lunches, drove them to school, came home and picked up the dry cleaning, took it to the cleaners and stopped at the bank to make a deposit, went grocery shopping, then drove home to put away the groceries, pay the bills and balance the check book. He cleaned the cat's litter box and bathed the dog.
Then it was already 1 p.m. and he hurried to make the beds, do the laundry, vacuum, dust, and sweep and mop the kitchen floor. Ran to the school to pick up the kids and got into an argument with them on the way home. Set out cookies and milk and got the kids organized to do their homework, then set up the ironing board and watched TV while he did the ironing.
At 4:30 he began peeling potatoes and washing vegetables for salad, breaded the pork chops and snapped fresh beans for supper. After supper he cleaned the kitchen, ran the dishwasher, folded laundry, bathed the kids, and put them to bed.
At 9 p.m. he was exhausted and, though his daily chores weren't finished, he went to bed where he was expected to make love, which he managed to get through without complaint.
The next morning, he awoke and immediately knelt by the bed and said, "Lord, I don't know what I was thinking. I was so wrong to envy my wife's being able to stay home all day. Please, oh please, let us trade back."
The Lord, in his infinite wisdom, replied, "My son, I feel you have learned your lesson and I will be happy to change things back to the way they were. You'll have to wait 9 months, though. You got pregnant last night."Mothers of teens know why animals eat their young.We child-proofed our home 3 years ago but they're still getting in!The main purpose of holding children's parties is to remind yourself that there are children more awful than your own.Who eats cereal and plays golf?

Tony the Tiger Woods.Why is it hard for dalmatians to play hide-and-seek?

Because they're always spotted!What do you get when you aim a nuclear weapon at a disobedient country?

South Korean Barbecue.What do you call a holy man that fries potatoes?

A chipmonkA farmer walks down to the Farm and Ranch Store to buy a bucket. When he gets there, they have some chickens and geese for sale, cheap.

Well, the fellow picks a goose and two chickens, and gets a bag of feed. He thinks for a minute and says, "Hey, how am I gonna carry all this home?"

The store manager says, "Well, put the feed in the bottom of the bucket, the goose on top, and carry a chicken under each arm."

The farmer gives it a try, and he starts home. A couple of blocks down the street, he runs into old Widow Smith, who's a little disoriented.

She says, "I don't remember which way my house is."

The farmer says, "Come on Miz Smith; you don't live far. Let's take this shortcut through the alley, and we'll have you home in no time."

Miz Smith exclaims, "Well, how do I know you won't molest me once we're in this back alley?"

The farmer says, "My God, woman, I got my hands full, how would I do that?!"

"Easy," she says, "Put the bucket over the goose, put the feed on top of the bucket, and I'll hold the two chickens."A man is out playing golf one day when he whacks the ball harder then usual.  It goes soaring in the air, and the golfer yells, "FORE!"

He runs over to find his ball, and he sees a guy holding his head in pain.  The man is shouting "I will sue you, and I will win 1 thousand dollars!"

The golfer replies "But I yelled 'fore,' so you can't sue me."

The man replies:  "Four, thats better than just one! I'll take it!""Doc, I can't stop singing 'The Green, Green Grass of Home.'"
"That sounds like Tom Jones Syndrome."
"Is it common?"
"It's Not Unusual."I went to the butchers the other day and I bet him 50 bucks that he couldn't reach the meat off the top shelf.
"No," he said, "the steaks are too high."What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic?

Sanka.Keep this in mind the next time you either hear or are about to repeat a rumor!

In ancient Greece (469 - 399 BC), Socrates was well known for his wisdom. One day the great philosopher came upon an acquaintance who said excitedly, "Socrates, do you know what I just heard about one of our students?"

"Wait a moment," Socrates replied. "Before telling me anything I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Triple Filter Test."

"Triple filter?"

"That's right," Socrates continued. "Before you talk to me about my student, it might be a good idea to take a moment and filter what you're going to say.. The first filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?"

"No," the man said, "actually I just heard about it and ..."

"All right," said Socrates. "So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second filter, the filter of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about my student something good?"

"No, on the contrary ...."

"So," Socrates continued, "you want to tell me something bad about him, but you're not certain it's true. You may still pass the test though, because there's one filter left: the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about my student going to be useful to me?"

"No, not really."

"Well," concluded Socrates, "if what you want to tell me is neither true nor good nor even useful, why tell it to me at all?"

This is the reason Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem.

It also explains why he never found out that Plato was banging his wife.Two prostitutes were riding around town with a sign on top of their car which said:

"Two Prostitutes -- $50.00."

A policeman, seeing the sign, stopped them and told them they'd either have to remove the sign or go to jail. Just at that time, another car passed with a sign saying:

"JESUS SAVES."

One of the girls asked the officer,

"How come you don't stop them?!"

"Well, that's a little different," the officer smiled . . . "Their sign pertains to religion."

So the two ladies of the night frowned as they took their sign down and drove off. The following day found the same police officer in the area when he noticed the two ladies driving around with a large sign on their car again. Figuring he had an easy arrest, he began to catch up with them when he noticed the new sign which now read:

"Two Fallen Angels Seeking Peter -- $50.00."John: I got this great new hearing aid the other day. 

Mary: Are you wearing it now? 

John: Yup. Cost me four thousand dollars, though. But it's top of the line. 

Mary: What kind is it? 

John: Twelve-thirty.As a butcher is shooing a dog from his shop, he sees $10 and a note in his mouth, reading: "10 lamb chops, please." 
Amazed, he takes the money, puts a bag of chops in the dog's mouth, and quickly closes the shop. He follows the dog and watches him wait for a green light, look both ways, and trot across the road to a bus stop. The dog checks the timetable and sits on the bench. When a bus arrives, he walks around to the front and looks at the number, then boards the bus. The butcher follows, dumbstruck. 

As the bus travels out into the suburbs, the dog takes in the scenery. After awhile he stands on his back paws to push the "stop" button, then the butcher follows him off. 

The dog runs up to a house and drops his bag on the stoop. He goes back down the path, takes a big run, and throws himself -Whap!- against the door. He does this again and again. No answer. So he jumps on a wall, walks around the garden, beats his head against a window, jumps off, and waits at the front door. A big guy opens it and starts cursing and pummeling the dog. 

The butcher runs up screams at the guy: "What the hell are you doing? This dog's a genius!" 

The owner responds, "Genius, my ass. It's the second time this week he's forgotten his key!"You're so stupid, that you called my house and asked for my number!Jacob, a three year old boy, is excited about the birth of his little sister, Olivia.  One morning, Jacob's mom is giving Olivia a bath, when Jacob asks "Mom, where's her pp?"  The mom explains that boys have pp's and girls don't.  Just to make sure he understands, she brings out a magazine, and points to a girl and said "What does she have?" and he responds "No pp."  She tells him good job and points to a man and he responds "pp."  Then she points to George W. Bush and asks "Whats this?"  he responds "tough call"One day I asked my grandfather how to ice fish. He said all you need is a can of peas and a club.

"Huh?", I said. "How does that work?"

"Well," he said, "After you cut the hole in the ice you just place the peas around the edge of the hole! Then you wait by the hole with your club."

"What does that do?" I asked.

"Well," he said with a grin. "When the fish come up to take a pee, you hit him over the head with the club!"Two doctors and an HMO manager died and lined up at the pearly gates for admission to heaven. St. Peter asked them to identify themselves. 

One doctor stepped forward and said, "I was a pediatric spine surgeon and helped kids overcome their deformities." St. Peter said, "You can enter."

The second doctor said, "I was a psychiatrist. I helped people rehabilitate themselves." St. Peter also invited him in.

The third applicant stepped forward and said, "I was an HMO manager. I helped people get cost-effective health care." St. Peter said, "You can come in, too."

But as the HMO manager walked by, St. Peter added, "You can stay three days. After that, you can go to Hell."For all of us who miss those great old tunes from the 60s and 70s, there's good news! Some of our old favorites have re-released their great hits with new lyrics to accommodate maturing audiences.

Bobby Darin - "Splish, Splash, I Was Havin' a Flash"
Herman's Hermits - "Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Walker"
The Beatles - "I Get by with a Little Help from Depends"
Marvin Gaye - "I Heard It Through the Grape Nuts"
The Bee Gees - "How Can You Mend a Broken Hip"
The Temptations - "Papa's Got a Kidney Stone"
Nancy Sinatra - "These Boots Aren't Made for Bunions"
Paul Simon - "Fifty Ways to Lose Your Liver"
Roberta Flack - "The First Time Ever I Forgot Your Face"
ABBA - "Denture Queen"
Leo Sayer - "You Make Me Feel Like Napping"
Commodores - "Once, Twice, Three Times to the Bathroom"
Johnny Nash - "I Can't See Clearly Now"HOW MANY ZEN BUDDHISTS DOES IT TAKE TO CHANGE A LIGHTBULB?
A: Three. One to change the lightbulb, one NOT to change the lightbulb, and one to neither change nor not change the lightbulb. 

HOW MANY EPISCOPALIANS DOES IT TAKE TO CHANGE A LIGHTBULB?
A: Eight. One to call the electrician, and seven to say how much they liked the old one better. 

HOW MANY UNITARIANS DOES IT TAKE TO CHANGE A LIGHTBULB?
A: The Unitarians wish to issue the following statement:
"We choose not to make a statement either in favor of or against the need for a lightbulb; however, if in your own journey you have found that lightbulbs work for you, that is fine. You are invited to write a poem or compose a modern dance about your personal relationship with your lightbulb, and present it next month at our annual lightbulb Sunday service, in which we will explore a number of lightbulb traditions, including incandescent, fluorescent, three-way, long-life and tinted, all of which are equally valid paths to luminescence."

HOW MANY PENTECOSTALS DOES IT TAKE TO CHANGE A LIGHTBULB?
A: Ten. One to change the bulb and nine to pray against the spirit of darkness.What is the best thing about dating a homeless woman?

You can drop her off anywhere.What is the difference between in-laws and outlaws?

Outlaws are wanted.What should a woman say to a man she's just had sex with?

Whatever she wants. He's sleeping.A Redneck buys a ticket and wins the lottery. He goes to Mobile, Alabama to claim it and the man verifies his ticket number. The Redneck says, "I want my $20 million."

The man replied, "No, sir. It doesn't work that way. We give you a million today and then you'll get the rest spread out for the next 19 years."

The Redneck said, "Oh, no. I want all my money right now! I won it and I want it."

Again, the man explain that he would only get a million that day and the rest during the next 19 years.

The Redneck, furious with the man, screams out, "Look, I want my money! If you're not going to give me my $20 million right now, then I want my dollar back!"Welcome aboard Southwest Flight 245 to Tampa. To operate your seat belt, insert the metal tab into the buckle, and pull tight. It works just like every other seat belt; and, if you don't know how to operate one, you probably shouldn't be out in public unsupervised.In the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, masks will descend from the ceiling. Stop screaming, grab the mask, and pull it over your face. If you have a small child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs. If you are traveling with more than one small child, pick your favorite.As you exit the plane, make sure to gather all of your belongings. Anything left behind will be distributed evenly among the flight attendants. Please do not leave children or spouses.One day, a teacher at an elementary school asks one of her students how clouds form.
She replied "I'm not sure how clouds form, but the clouds know how to form, and that's the important thing...."A young boy asked his mother, "Ma, is it true that people can be taken apart like machines?" 

"Of course not, where did you hear such nonsense?" replied his mother. 

The young boy answered, "The other day, Daddy was talking to someone on the phone, and he said that he'd like to screw the tail off his secretary."What starts with B, has 2 E's, and ends in R????














Birthday Cheer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!A man jumps out of an airplane with a parachute on his back. As he's falling, he realizes his chute is broken. He doesn't know anything about parachutes, but as the earth rapidly approaches, he realizes his options are limited; he takes off the parachute and tries to fix it himself on the way down. The wind is ripping past his face, he's dropping like a rock, and at 5000 feet, another man goes shooting up past him. In desperation, the man with the chute looks up and yells, "Hey do you know anything about parachutes?!"

The guy flying up looks down and yells, "No, do you know anything about gas stoves?!"Bottle feeding: An opportunity for Daddy to get up at 2 am too.

Defense: What you'd better have around de yard if you're going to let the children play outside.

Drooling: How teething babies wash their chins.File description: This high school math exam gives you insight into life in a crime-filled society.


City of Los Angeles
High School Math Proficiency Exam

Name:____________________
Gang:________________________

1. Duane has an AK47 with a 30 round clip. If he misses 6 out of 10 shots and shoots 13 times at each drive by shooting, how many drive by shootings can he attempt before he has to reload?

2. If Jose has two ounces of cocaine and he sells an 8 ball to Jackson for $320 and 2 grams to Billy for $85 per gram, what is the street value of the balance of the cocaine if he doesn't cut it?

3. Rufus is pimping for three girls. If the price is $65 for each trick, how many tricks will each girl have to turn so Rufus can pay for his $800 per day crack habit?

4. Jarome wants to cut his 1/2 pound of Heroin to make 20% more profit. How many ounces of cut will he need?

5. Willie gets $200 for stealing a BMW, $50 for a Chevy and $100 for a 4x4. If he has stolen 2 BMW's and 3 4x4's, how many Chevy's will he have to steal to make $800?

6. Raoul is in prison for 6 years for murder. He got $10,000 for the hit. If his common law wife is spending $100 per month, how much money will he have left when he gets out of prison and how many years will he get for killing her since she spent his money?

7. If the average spray paint can covers 22 square feet and the average letter is 3 square feet, how many letters can a tagger spray with 3 cans of paint?

8. Hector knocked up six girls in his gang. There are 27 girls in the gang. What percentage of the girls in the gang has Hector knocked up?Jacob, age 92, and Rebecca, age 89, are quite excited about their decision to get married. They go for a stroll to discuss the wedding and on the way they pass a drugstore. Jacob suggests they go in.

Jacob addresses the man behind the counter. "Are you the owner?"

The pharmacist answers, "Yes."

Jacob: "We're about to get married. Do you sell heart medication?"

Pharmacist: "Of course we do."

Jacob: "How about medicine for circulation?"

Pharmacist: "Many kinds."

Jacob: "Medicine for rheumatism, scoliosis?"

Pharmacies: "Definitely."

Jacob: "How about Viagra?"

Pharmacist: Hesitates slightly but answers, "Of course."

Jacob: "Medicine for memory problems, arthritis, jaundice?"

Pharmacist: "Yes, a large variety."

Jacob: "What about vitamins, sleeping pills, Geritol, antidotes for Parkinson's?"

Pharmacist: "Absolutely!"

Jacob: "Do you sell wheelchairs and walkers?"

Pharmacist: "All speeds and sizes."

Jacob turns and confers with his wife to be and then says to the pharmacist,

"We'd like to register here for our wedding gifts."Makes one think, and puts things in perspective :

Diet Snapple....16 oz $1.29........$10.32 per gallon
Lipton Ice Tea..16 oz $1.19........$ 9.52 per gallon
Gatorade........20 oz $1.59...... $10.17 per  gallon
Ocean Spray.....16 oz $1.25.......$10.00 per  gallon
Brake Fluid.....12 oz $3.15 ..... $33.60 per  gallon
Vick's Nyquil... 6 oz $8.35 .....$178.13 per  gallon
Pepto Bismol.....4 oz $3.85......$123.20 per  gallon
Whiteout........ 7 oz $1.39...... $25.42 per  gallon
Scope ........ 1.5 oz $0.99.......$84.48 per  gallon

and this is the REAL KICKER......

>Evian water 9 oz for $1.49...... $21.19 per gallon.

$21.19 FOR WATER! ....and the buyers don't even know the source. Yes, and the name Evian, is Naive turned around, and the Canadians are selling it by the millions of gallons to the US.

So, the next time you're at the pump, be glad your car doesn't run on water, Scope, or Whiteout, or God forbid, PEPTO BISMOL or NYQUIL!!!!

Just a little humor to help ease the pain of your next trip to the pump....!After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch.If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.Interchangeable parts aren't.The one item you need is always in short supply.Never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!Why did the chicken cross the road?
To show the armadillo that it was possible.

Why did the chicken cross the road?
To get away from Colonel Sanders!

Why did the chicken cross the road twice?
Because it was a double-crosser.

Why did the Iraqi chicken cross the road?
To take over the other side.

Why did the chicken cross the playground?
To get to the other slide.

Why did the chicken cross the beach?
To get to the other tide.

Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
Chickens hadn't evolved yet.1. When no one else is looking, you swear that the monkeys are mocking you.

2. The bears' exhibit is nothing more than the guys cut from the football team during training camp.

3. The stripes on the zebra tend to peel away in the heat.

4. The zookeeper always wants to take the rhino for a walk.

5. The lion in the lion cage closely resembles the one from The Lion King.

6. The alligator in the reptiles exhibit is nothing more than the University of Florida's mascot.

7. If you deposit 50 cents, the giraffe will magically appear and talk to you.

8. Ask the tour guide too many questions and you're suddenly dipped in some sort of sauce and placed in the tigers' den.

9. The elephant appear to be two guys in a two part elephant suit.

10. Two words: hippo dogs!1. It's not a laugh to practice barking at 3a.m. 

2. It's wrong to back Grandma into a corner and guard her. 

3. He shouldn't jump on your bed when he's sopping wet. 

4. The cats have every right to be in the living room. 

5. Barking at guests 10 minutes after they arrive is stupid 

6. Getting up does NOT mean we are going for a walk 

7. Just because I'm eating, doesn't mean you can. 

8. If you look at me with those big soppy eyes, I'm not going to give in and feed you. NOT NOT NOT. Oh, ok, just this once. 

9. No, it's my food....Oh alright then, just a small piece.I know this isn't too funny, but it's one of those simple ones that put a smile on your face.


Q: What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?
A: Holes all over Australia.

Q: What do you get if you cross an elephant with a whale?
A: A submarine with a built-in snorkel.

Q: Why did the elephant cross the road?
A: Chicken's day off.

Q: Why do elephants have trunks?
A: Because they would look silly with glove compartments.

Q: Why do elephants drink so much?
A: To try to forget.

Q: How can you tell if an elephant is getting ready to charge?
A: He pulls out his Diners' Club card.

Q: What do you get when two giraffes collide?
A: A giraffic jam.Sherlock Holmes stood at the Gates of Heaven pulling at his pipe awaiting his turn. "I'll let you in," said St. Peter, gesturing toward the heavenly throngs behind him, "if you'll tell me who among these was the first mortal."

"Elementary, my dear St. Peter," said the great detective, "he's the one without a bellybutton."Two Mexican detectives were investigating the murder of Juan Gonzalez. "How was he killed?" asked one detective. 

"With a golf gun." answered the other detective. 

"A golf gun?! What is a golf gun?" asked the first detective.

"I don't know, but it sure made a hole in Juan!"A faith healer asked Moshe how his family was getting along. "They're all fine," Moshe said, "Except my uncle. He's very sick."

"Your uncle is not sick," the faith healer said. "He THINKS he's sick."

Two weeks later, the faith healer ran into Moshe on the street. "How is your uncle getting along?" he asked.

Moshe shrugged, "He THINKS he's dead."Defense Attorney: What is your age?
Little old Woman: I am 86 years old.
Defense Attorney: Will you tell us, in your own words, what happened to you?
Little old Woman: There I was, sitting there in my swing on my front porch on a warm spring evening, when a young man comes creeping up on the porch and sat down beside me.
Defense Attorney: Did you know him?
Little old Woman: No, but he sure was friendly.
Defense Attorney: What happened after he sat down?
Little old Woman: He started to rub my thigh.
Defense Attorney: Did you stop him?
Little old Woman: No, I didn't stop him.
Defense Attorney: Why not?
Little old Woman: It felt good. Nobody had done that since my Abner passed away some 30 years ago.
Defense Attorney: What happened next?
Little old Woman: He began to rub my breasts.
Defense Attorney: Did you stop him then?
Little old Woman: No, I did not stop him.
Defense Attorney: Why not?
Little old Woman: Why, Your Honor, his rubbing made me feel all alive and excited. I haven't felt that good in years!
Defense Attorney: What happened next?
Little old Woman: Well, I was feeling so spicy that I just laid down and said to him..."Take me ...young man...Take me!"
Defense Attorney: Did he take you?
Little old Woman: He jumped up and yelled, April Fools, ...And that's when I shot the little bastard.One day Jesus was out for a walk, strolling near the walls surrounding heaven, when he heard an old man's voice call from the other side.

"Hello? Hello?"

Jesus replied, "Who is it?"

"Just a poor, old carpenter searching for his son," the old man replied.

Jesus' heart leapt with joy and he called out, "Joseph?"

The voice answered back, "Pinocchio?"You may know they've released John Hinckley from the mental facility for unsupervised visits to his parents' home on weekends.  For those of you who may be too young to remember, John Hinckley shot President Ronald Reagan to impress the actress Jodie Foster.  This is such a nice letter from the President:

THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON D.C.

Mr. John Hinckley
St. Elizabeth's Hospital
Washington, DC

Dear John:

Laura and I hope that you are continuing your excellent progress in recovery from your mental problems.  We were pleased to hear that you are now able to have unsupervised visits with your parents. The staff at the hospital reports that you are doing fine.

I have decided to seek a second term in office as your president and I would appreciate your support and the support of your fine parents. I would hope that if there is anything that you need at the hospital, you would let us know.

By the way, are you aware that John Kerry is screwing Jody Foster?

Sincerely,

George W. Bush
PresidentVery stinky I can be.
And a wet hole is all you see.
Give me a rod and I'm happy.
In the silence I can queef.
No one thinks they're eating beef.
And please oh please don't use teeth.A silent Order of Monks is allowed to eat only porridge and speak just once a month. One month, Friar Albert stood up and said, "I hate porridge." A month of silence passes by and Friar Barnaby stands to say, "I like porridge." Another silent month goes by when Head Master Geoff rises and says...

"Would you two stop this constant bickering!"Three ministers are talking over lunch and before long find themselves discussing how much of the weekly offering is appropriate to keep and how much to give to the Lord.

The first minister says, "I just draw a line on the floor, put one foot on each side, and throw the money into the air. Whatever lands on the right side of the line is God's and whatever lands on the left is mine." 

The second minister notes that he uses a similar method, but "I use a small coffee table when I throw the money in the air and whatever lands on the table goes to the Lord and whatever lands on the floor is mine."

They both contemplate each other's answer and finally turn to the third minister who is sitting there without saying anything. "Well, how do you do it?" asks the first to the third. 

"Well, I do as you both do and throw the money into the air, but I figure whatever the Lord wants, he'll grab, and I keep whatever hits the floor.""I Give Evolution Two Opposable Thumbs Up."#10 - You can trade an old 44 for a new 22.

#9 - You can keep one handgun at home and have another for one when you're on the road.

#8 - If you admire a friends handgun and tell him so, he'll probably let you try it out a few times.

#7 - Your primary handgun doesn't mind if you keep another handgun for backup.

#6 - Your handgun will stay with you even if you run out of ammo.

#5 - A handgun doesn't take up a lot of closet space.

#4 - Handguns function normally every day of the month.

#3 - A handgun doesn't ask, "Do these new grips make me look fat?"

#2 - A handgun doesn't mind if you go to sleep after you use it.

And, the number one reason a handgun is favored over a woman

#1 - You can buy a silencer for a handgun.Little David was in his 5th grade class when the teacher asked the children what their fathers did for a living.  All the typical answers came up -- firefighter, police officer, sales rep, doctor, lawyer, etc.  David was being uncharacteristically quiet, so the teacher  asked him about his father.

"My father's an exotic dancer in a gay cabaret, and takes off all his clothes in front of other men, and they put money in his underwear. Sometimes, if the offer's really good, he'll go home with some guy and make love with him for money."

The teacher, obviously shaken by this statement, hurriedly sent the other children to work on some exercises and took little David aside to ask him, "Is that really true about your father?"

"No," said David, "He actually works for the "RE-ELECT BUSH" Organization, but I was too embarrassed to say that in front of the other kids."The mother of a 17-year-old girl was concerned that her daughter was probably having sex. Worried the girl might become pregnant, and that this would reflect badly on the whole family, she consulted the family doctor.

The doctor told her that teenagers today were very willful and any attempt to stop the girl would probably result in rebellion. He recommended that she arrange for her daughter to be put on birth control and until then, talk to her and give her a box of condoms.

That evening, as her daughter was preparing for a date, the woman told her about her visit to the doctor and handed her a box of condoms.

The girl burst out laughing and reached over to hug her mother, saying:

"Oh Mom! You don't have to worry about that! I'm dating Susan!"A jumbo jet is just coming into the Tampa Airport on its final approach.

The pilot comes on the intercom, "This is your Captain. We're on our final descent into Tampa. I want to thank you for flying with us today and I hope you enjoy your stay in Tampa Bay."

He forgets to switch off the intercom. Now the whole plane can hear his conversation from the cockpit. The copilot says to the pilot, "Well, skipper, whatcha gonna do in Tampa?"

"Well," says the skipper, "first I'm gonna check into the hotel and take a big crap.... then I'm gonna take that new stewardess with the huge chest out for dinner..... Then I'm gonna wine and dine her, take her back to my room and make love to her big time all night."

Everyone on the plane hears this and immediately begins looking up and down the aisle trying to get a look at the new stewardess. Meanwhile the new stewardess is at the very back of the plane. She's so embarrassed that she starts to run to try and get to the cockpit to turn the intercom off. Halfway down the aisle, she trips over an old lady's bag and down she goes.

The old lady leans over and says: "No need to hurry, dear. He's gotta take a crap first."Back in the olden days when Samurai were important, there was a powerful Japanese Emperor who needed a new Chief Samurai. So he sent out a declaration throughout the entire known world of that time that he was searching for a CHIEF. A year passed, but only 3 people applied for the very demanding position;

1. a Japanese Samurai
2. a Chinese Samurai
3. a Jewish Samurai (You snicker!? It is, apparently, possible!)

The emperor asked the Japanese Samurai to come in and demonstrate why he should be the chief Samurai. The Japanese Samurai opened a match box, and out popped a bumblebee. Whoosh! went his sword, and the bumblebee dropped dead on the ground.

The emperor exclaimed "That is very impressive!"

The emperor then issued the same challenge to the Chinese Samurai, to come in and demonstrate why he should be chosen. The Chinese samurai also opened a match box and out buzzed a fly. Whoosh, Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! And the fly dropped dead on the ground in four small pieces.

The emperor exclaimed: "That is VERY impressive!"

Now the emperor turned to the Jewish Samurai, and asked him to demonstrate why he should be the Chief Samurai. The Jewish Samurai also opened a match box, and out flew a gnat. His flashing sword went Whoosh! But the gnat was still alive and flying around.

The emperor, obviously disappointed, said: "Very ambitious!, but why is that gnat not dead?"

The Jewish Samurai just smiled and said: "Circumcision is not meant to kill."Two Reasons Why It's So Hard To Solve A Redneck Murder
1. The DNA is all the same.
2. There are no dental records.A man is recovering from surgery when a nurse asks him how he is feeling.

"I'm O.K. but I didn't like the four-letter-word the doctor used in surgery," he answered.

"What did he say?" asked the nurse.

"OOPS!"Nothing has really changed, even though we think we've gotten smarter, and technologically advanced. We've just gone back to square one!

"Doctor, I have an ear ache."

2000 B.C. - "Here, eat this root."
1000 B.C. - "That root is heathen, say this prayer."
1850 A.D. - "That prayer is superstition, drink this potion."
1940 A.D. - "That potion is snake oil, swallow this pill."
1985 A.D. - "That pill is ineffective, take this antibiotic."
2004 A.D. - "That antibiotic is artificial. Here, eat this root!"1. You accidentally enter your password on the microwave.

2. You haven't played solitaire with real cards in years.

3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3.

4. You e-mail the person who works at the desk next to you.

5. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends is that they don't have e-mail addresses.

6. When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner.

7. When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally dial "9" to get an outside line.

8. You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies.

10. You learn about your redundancy on the 11 o'clock news.

11. Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get long-service awards.

12. You read this entire list, and keep nodding and smiling.

13. As you read this list, you think about forwarding it to your "friends."

14. You got this email from a friend that never talks to you anymore, except to send you jokes from the net.

15. You are too busy to notice there was no #9

16. You actually scrolled back up to check that there wasn't a #9

AND NOW YOU'RE LAUGHING AT YOURSELFQ:  What do you call a sheep that does karate?
A:  A lamb chopQ:  Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
A:  They all have phones.Why are Democrats better than Republicans in bed?
You've never heard of getting a good piece of elephant, have you?1. Bush/Cheney '04: We're Gooder!
 2. Bush/Cheney '04: Leave no Child a Dime!
 3. Bush/Cheney '04: Because the Truth Just isn't Good Enough.
 4. Vote Bush in '04: It's a no-brainer!
 5. Bush/Cheney '04: Compassionate Colonialism
 6. Bush/Cheney '04: Leave no Billionaire Behind
 7. Bush/Cheney '04: Putting the "con" in conservatism
 8. Bush/Cheney '04: Thanks for not Paying Attention
 9. Bush/Cheney '04: The Last Vote You'll Ever Have to Cast
10. Bush/Cheney '04: This Time, Elect Us!
11. Bush/Cheney '04: Four More Wars
12. Bush/Cheney '04: Asses of Evil
13. Bush/Cheney '04: Assimilate. Resistance is Futile
14. Bush/Cheney '04: Apocalypse Now!
15. Vote Bush in '04: Because Dictatorship is Easier
16. George W. Bush: A Brainwave away from the Presidency
17. George W. Bush: It Takes a Village Idiot
18. Don't Think. Vote Bush!
19. BU_ _SH_ _!1. Pick cat up and cradle it in the crook of your left arm as if holding a baby. Position right forefinger and thumb on either side of cat's mouth and gently apply pressure to cheeks while holding pill in right hand. As cat opens mouth, pop pill into mouth. Allow cat to close mouth and swallow. 

2. Retrieve pill from floor and cat from behind sofa. Cradle cat in left arm and repeat process. 

3. Retrieve cat from bedroom, and throw soggy pill away. Take new pill from foil wrap, cradle cat in left arm holding rear paws tightly with left hand. Force jaws open and push pill to back of mouth with right forefinger. Hold mouth shut for a count of 10. 

4. Retrieve pill from goldfish bowl and cat from top of wardrobe. Call spouse from garden. 

5. Kneel on floor with cat wedged firmly between knees, holding front and rear paws. Ignore low growls emitted by cat. Get spouse to hold cat's head firmly with one hand while forcing wooden ruler into mouth. Drop pill down ruler and rub cat's throat vigorously. 

6. Retrieve cat from curtain rail, get another pill from foil wrap. Make note to buy new ruler and repair curtains. Carefully sweep shattered figurines from hearth and set to one side for gluing later. 

7. Wrap cat in large towel and get spouse to lie on cat with its head just visible from below spouse's armpit. Put pill in end of drinking straw, force cat's mouth open with pencil and blow down drinking straw. 

8. Check label to make sure pill not harmful to humans, drink glass of water to take taste away. Apply band-aid to spouse's forearm and remove blood from carpet with cold water and soap. 

9. Retrieve cat from neighbor's shed. Get another pill. Place cat in cupboard and close door onto neck to leave head showing. Force mouth open with dessert spoon. Flick pill down throat with elastic band. 

10. Fetch screwdriver from garage and put door back on hinges. Apply cold compress to cheek and check records for date of last tetanus shot. Throw T-shirt away and fetch new one from bedroom. 

11. Ring fire brigade to retrieve cat from tree across the road. Apologize to neighbor who crashed into fence while swerving to avoid cat. Take last pill from foil wrap. 

12. Tie cat's front paws to rear paws with garden twine and bind tightly to leg of dining table. Find heavy duty pruning gloves from shed. Force cat's mouth open with small spanner. Push pill into mouth followed by large piece of fillet steak. Hold head vertically and pour 1/2 pint of water down throat to wash pill down. 

13. Get spouse to drive you to emergency room; sit quietly while doctor stitches fingers and forearm and removes pill remnants from right eye. Stop by furniture shop on way home to order new table. 

14. Arrange for vet to make a house call."God give me patience....And make it quick!"A man is showering up in a locker room with his buddy when he notices his friend has a huge penis.

"Damn Bob, you're hung!" Jim exclaims.

"I wasn't always this impressive, I had to work for it."

"What do you mean?" Jim asked.

"Well, every day for the past two years I've spent an hour each night rubbing it with butter. I know it sounds crazy but it actually made it grow 4 inches! You should try it."

Jim agrees and the two say good bye.

A few weeks later the two are in the same locker room and Bob asks Jim how his situation was.

Jim replied, "I did what you said but my penis has actually gotten smaller! I lost two inches already!"

"Did you do everything I told you? An hour each day with butter?"

"Well, butter is expensive, so I've been using Crisco."

"Crisco?" Bob exclaimed, "No wonder, man, Crisco's shortening!"A priest, a Pentecostal preacher and a rabbi all served as chaplains to the students of Northern Michigan University in Marquette. They would get together two or three times a week for coffee and to talk shop.

One day, someone made the comment that preaching to people isn't really that hard. A real challenge would be to preach to a bear. One thing led to another, and they decided to do a seven-day experiment. They would all go out into the woods, find a bear and preach to it.

Seven days later, they're all together to discuss the experience. Father O'Flannery, who has his arm in a sling, is on crutches, and has various bandages, goes first.

"Wellll," he says, in a fine Irish brouge, "Ey wint oot into th' wooods to fynd me a bearr. Oond when Ey fund him Ey began to rread to him from the Baltimorre Catechism. Welll, thet bearr wanted naught to do wi' me und begun to slap me aboot. So I quick grrabbed me holy water and, THE SAINTS BE PRAISED, he became as gentle as a lamb. The bishop is cooming oot next wik to give him fierst communion und confierrmation."

Reverend Billy Bob spoke next. He was in a wheelchair, with an arm and both legs in casts, and an IV drip. In his best fire and brimstone oratory he proclaimed, "WELL, brothers, you KNOW that we don't sprinkle...WE DUNK! I went out and I FOUND me a bear. And then I began to read to him from God's HOOOOLY WORD! But that bear wanted nothing to do with me. I SAY NO! He wanted NOTHING to do with me. So I took HOOOLD of him and we began to rassle. We rassled down one hill, UP another and DOWN another until we come to a crick. So I quick DUNK him and BAPTIZE his hairy soul. An' jus like you sez, he wuz gentle as a lamb. We spent the rest of the week in fellowship, feasting on God's HOOOOLY word."

They both look down at the rabbi, who was lying in a hospital bed. He was in a body cast and traction with IV's and monitors running in and out of him.

The rabbi looks up and says, "Oy! You don't know what tough is until you try to circumcise one of those creatures."A young couple decide to have sex for the first time so they go to the store to buy condoms. They find a popular brand and bring it to the register. The price on the box is $1.00 but when the cashier totals up the price it comes to $1.07. The couple asks what the extra 7 cents is for. The cashier replies back "tax." Then the young man says "I was wondering what held it on.Your mama is so flat chested, the last time she had a breast was in a bucket at KFC.A Buddhist approaches a hotdog vendor and says: "Make me one with everything."

He gives the vendor a $20 bill and waits. Finally he says: "Where's my change?"

Says the vendor: "All change must come from within."One day God was looking down at Earth and saw all of the rascally behavior that was going on. He decided to send an angel down to Earth to check it out, so he called one of His angels and sent the angel to Earth for a time.

When he returned, he told God, "Yes, it is bad on Earth; 95% are misbehaving and only 5% are not." God thought for a moment and said, "Maybe I had better send down a second angel to get another opinion."

So God called another angel and sent him to Earth for a time too. When the angel returned he went to God and said, "Yes, it's true, the Earth is in decline; 95% are misbehaving, but 5% are being good."

God was not pleased, so He decided to E-mail the 5% that were good, because He wanted to encourage them. Give them a little something to help them keep going. Do you know what the Email said? 

Just wondering, I didn't get one either.Q:  What does the tooth fairy give for half a tooth?

A:  Nothing. She wants the tooth, the whole tooth, and nothing but the toothQ: What do you get when you cross a Scottish sheep with a Peruvian Mountain Goat? 

A: The Dolly Llama.A man arrives at the gates of heaven. St. Peter asks, "Religion?" The man says, "Methodist." St. Peter looks down his list, and says, "Go to room 24, but be very quiet as you pass room 8." 

Another man arrives at the gates of heaven. "Religion?" "Baptist." "Go to room 18, but be very quiet as you pass room 8."

A third man arrives at the gates. "Religion?" "Jewish." "Go to room 11, but be very quiet as you pass room 8." The man says, "I can understand there being different rooms for different religions, but why must I be quiet when I pass room 8?" St. Peter tells him, "Well the Catholics are in room 8, and they think they're the only ones here."A father, angry at his son for not doing well at school tells him, "At your age, George Washington was the best student in his class."

"Yeah dad..." replies the kid..."and at yours, he was the President of the United States!"A priest came to a dying author to read him his last rites.

"Do you reject the devil?" asked the priest.

"This is no time to be making enemies," replied the author.LOVE: A word involving four letters, two vowels, two consonants and two idiots. It refers to a disease that can be cured by marriage.

ARCHITECT: A guy not "macho" enough to be an engineer and not queer enough to be an interior designer.

TO DANCE: It refers to the vertical frustration of a horizontal desire.

BRAIN: An organ that allows us to think we think.

BOY SCOUT: A child dressed like an idiot guided by an idiot dressed like a child.

HEADACHE: A woman's most trustworthy modern contraceptive.

BUST: Statue of a man without hands or the parts of a woman where a man's hands have been.

ORAL EXAM: A test you must pass to become an intern in the White house.

A POLITICAL CANDIDATE: A person who gets money form the rich and votes from the poor in order to protect them from each other.

TONGUE: A sexual organ that some degenerates use in order to speak.

PRIEST: A person everyone calls "Father" except for his own children, who call him "Uncle".

EASY: It is said of a woman who has the sexual morality of a man.

MAN: A living thing who at the age of nine months emerges from a place to which we will try to return for the rest of this life.

INTELLECTUAL: A person capable of thinking for more than one hour about anything other than sex.

MODESTY: Knowing you are perfect without telling anyone.

NYMPHOMANIA: A term describing any woman who wants to have sex more often than a man.The General went out to find that none of his G.I.s were there. One finally ran up, panting heavily. 

"Sorry, sir! I can explain, you see I had a date and it ran a little late. I ran to the bus but missed it, I hailed a cab but it broke down, found a farm, bought a horse but it dropped dead, ran 10 miles, and now I'm here." 

The General was very skeptical about this explanation but at least he was here so he let the G.I. go. Moments later, eight more G.I.s came up to the general panting, he asked them why they were late. 

"Sorry, sir! I had a date and it ran a little late, I ran to the bus but missed it, I hailed a cab but it broke down, found a farm, bought a horse but it dropped dead, ran 10 miles, and now I'm here." 

The General eyed them, feeling very skeptical but since he let the first guy go, he let them go, too. A tenth G.I. jogged up to the General, panting heavily. 

"Sorry, sir! I had a date and it ran a little late, I ran to the bus but missed it, I hailed a cab but..." 

"Let me guess," the General interrupted, "it broke down." 

"No," said the G.I., "there were so many dead horses in the road, it took forever to get around them."A guy driving a Yugo pulled up to a stoplight next to a Rolls-Royce. 

He rolled down his window and shouted to the driver of the Rolls. "Hey, buddy, that's a nice car. You got a phone in your Rolls? I've got a phone in my Yugo!" 

The driver of the Rolls looked over and said snobbishly, "Yes, I have a phone." 

The driver of the Yugo said, "Cool! Hey, you also got a fridge in there, too? I've got one in the back seat of my Yugo!" 

The driver of the Rolls, much annoyed, says, "Yes, I have a refrigerator." 

The driver of the Yugo said, "That's great, man! Hey, you got a TV in there? You know, I got a TV in the back seat of my Yugo!" 

The driver of the Rolls, quite irritated by now, replied, "Of course, I have a television. A Rolls-Royce is the finest luxury car in the world!" 

The driver of the Yugo said, "Yes, a very cool car! Hey, you got a bed in there? I got a bed in the back of my Yugo!" 

The driver of the Rolls, upset that he did not have a bed, sped away and went straight to the dealer, where he promptly ordered a bed to be installed in the back of his Rolls-Royce. 

The next morning, he returned to pick up his car, and the bed looked superb It came complete with silk sheets and a brass-trimmed headboard. It was clearly a bed fit for a Rolls-Royce. So the driver of the Rolls began searching for the Yugo. He drove around all day and finally found the Yugo late that night. 

It was parked, with all the windows fogged up from the inside. He got out and knocked on the window of the Yugo. When there wasn't any answer, he continued knocking and knocking until finally, the owner of the Yugo lowered the window, and stuck his soaking wet head out. 

"I now have a bed in the back of my Rolls-Royce," the driver of the Rolls stated arrogantly. 

The driver of the Yugo looked at him narrowly and said, "You got me out of the shower to tell me that?!?!"A cop stops a man for running a stop sign and the subject gives the cop a lot of grief explaining that he did stop.

After several minutes, the cop explained to the gentleman that he didn't stop, he just slowed down a little.

The gentleman said "Stop or slow down, what's the difference?"

The cop pulled the guy out of the car and hit him with a nightstick for about a minute and then said, "Would you like for me to stop or just slow down?"~~You Know You're Having a Bad Day When... ~~


1. Your horn sticks on the freeway behind 32 Hell's Angels motorcyclists. 

2. You've been at work 3 hours before you notice that your fly is open or your blouse unbuttoned. 

3. Your twin sister forgets your birthday. 

4. Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles. 

5.You call the suicide prevention hotline and they put you on hold. 

6.You have to sit down to brush your teeth in the morning. 

7.Everyone avoids you the morning after the company office party. 

8. Your income tax refund check bounces. 

9. The bird singing outside your window is a vulture. 


10. You wake up and your braces are stuck together. 

11. Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife/husband. 

12. Your mother approves of the person you're dating. 

13. Your doctor tells you that you're allergic to chocolate. 

14. The Gypsy fortune teller offers to refund your money when she sees your future. 

15. People think that you're 40 and you're only 25. 

16. You call your spouse and tell them that you'd like to eat out tonight and when you get home, your find a sandwich on the front porch. 

17. You start to put on the clothes that you wore home from the party last night...... and there aren't any. 

18. It costs more to fill up your car than it did to buy it.WIFE : " I wish I was a newspaper, so I'd be in your hands all day."

HUSBAND : " I too wish that you were a newspaper, so I could have a new one everyday!"What do fish paint with?

Water colours!Where do fish keep their life savings?

At the river bank!There were two lovers, who were really into spiritualism and reincarnation. They vowed that if either of them died, the one remaining would try to contact the partner in the world beyond exactly 30 days after their death.

Unfortunately, a few weeks later, the young man died in a car wreck. True to her word, his sweetheart tried to contact him in the spirit world exactly 30 days later.

At the seance, she called out, "John, John, this is Martha. Do you hear me?"

A ghostly voice answered her, "Yes Martha, this is John. I can hear you."

Martha tearfully asked, "Oh John, what is it like where you are?"

"It's beautiful. There are azure skies, a soft breeze, sunshine most of the time."

"What do you do all day?" asked Martha.

"Well, Martha, we get up before sunrise, eat some good breakfast, and there's nothing but making love until noon. After lunch, we nap until two and then make love again until about five. After dinner, we go at it again until we fall asleep about 11 p.m."

Martha was somewhat taken aback. "Is that what heaven really is like?"

"Heaven? I'm not in heaven, Martha."

"Well, then, where are you?"

"I'm a rabbit in Arizona."If someone leads but no one follows... are they just out for a walk? 

Is it possible for someone to become addicted to therapy? And If so, how would you treat them? 

Crime doesn't pay... does that mean my job is a crime? 

Why is it that normal people are the ones you don't know? 

Why is it that when our kids are naughty we ask "Do you want a spanking?" What are they going to say, "Yes please, may I have two?"... 

Why is it you get a penny for your thoughts but have to put in your two cents worth? 

May I refuse to inherit the earth? 

Practice makes perfect, but if nobody's perfect, why practice?Two men were talking.
"So, how's your sex life?"
"Oh, nothing special. I'm having Social Security sex."
"Social Security sex?"
"Yeah, you know: I get a little each month, but not enough to live on!"A wife went in to see a therapist and said, "I've got a big problem, doctor.
Every time we're in bed and my husband climaxes, he lets out this ear splitting yell."

"My dear," the shrink said, "that's completely natural. I don't see what the problem is."

"The problem is," she complained, "It wakes me up!"Tired of a listless sex life, the man came right out and asked his wife during a recent lovemaking session, "How come you never tell me when you have an orgasm?"

She glanced at him casually and replied, "You're never home!"A man was in a terrible accident, and his "manhood" was mangled and torn from his body. His doctor assured him that modern medicine could give him back his manhood, but that his insurance wouldn't cover the surgery, since it was considered cosmetic. The doctor said the cost would be $3,500 for "small", $6,500 for "medium", $14,000 for "large." The man was sure he would want a medium or large, but the doctor urged him to talk it over with his wife before he made any decision.

The man called his wife on the phone and explained their options.

The doctor came back into the room, and found the man looking dejected. "Well, what have the two of you decided?" asked the doctor.

The man answered, "She'd rather remodel the kitchen".Two women friends had gone for a Girls' Night Out, and had been decidedly over-enthusiastic on the Bacardi Breezers. Incredibly drunk and walking home they needed to pee. They were very near a graveyard and one of them suggested they do their business behind a headstone or something. The first woman had nothing to wipe with so she thought she'd take off her panties, use them, then throw them away. Her friend, however, was wearing a rather expensive underwear set and didn't want to ruin hers but was lucky enough to salvage a large ribbon from a wreath that was on one of the graves and proceeded to wipe herself with that. After finishing, they made off for home.

The next day the first woman's husband phoned the other husband and said; "These damn girls nights out have got to stop. My wife came home last night without her panties." "That's nothing," said the other, "mine came back with a card stuck between the cheeks of her ass that said;

"From all of us at the Fire Station. We'll never forget you."Ole and Sven are neighbors in Minnesota. Ole is in need of a new milk cow. He hears about a nice one for sale over the border in Wisconsin. He drives over to Wisconsin, looks at the cow, and reaches under to see if she gives milk. When he grabs the teat and pulls, the cow farts. Ole is very surprised, looks at the farmer who is selling the cow, and reaches under the cow to try again. He grabs another teat, pulls, and the cow farts again. Milk does come out, however, so after some discussion, Ole decides to buy the cow anyway and take it home. He calls over his neighbor, Sven, and says, "Come here and look at dis new cow I yust
bought. Pull her teat and see vat happens dere." Sven reaches under and pulls; the cow farts. Sven looks at Ole and says, "You bought dis cow over dere in Visconsin, yah?" Ole is very surprised and says, "Yah, dats right, how did you know dat?" Sven says, "My vife is from Visconsin!"People who live in glass houses should make love in the basement.
 
Never read the fine print. There ain't no way you're going to like it.
 
If you let a smile be your umbrella, then most likely your ass will get soaking wet.
 
The only two things we do with greater frequency in middle age are urinate and attend funerals.
 
The trouble with bucket seats is that not everybody has the same size bucket.
 
To err is human, to forgive - highly unlikely
 
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
 
Money can't buy happiness -- but somehow it's more comfortable to cry in a Porsche than in a Hyundai.
 
Drinking makes some husbands see double and feel single..
 
Living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
 
After a certain age, if you don't wake up aching in every joint, you are probably dead.Q: What happens when a Buddhist becomes totally absorbed with the computer he is working with?

A: He enters Nerdvana.I'm dyslexic, and attended a conference about the disorder with a friend.  The speakers asked us to share a personal experiences with the group.  I told them stress aggravates my condition, in which I reverse words and letters when I'm tense.
   When I finished speaking, my friend leaned over and whispered to me, "Now I know why you named your daughter Hannah."Any time the alarm goes off after-hours at the municipal office where I work, the security company calls me at home and I have to go back and reset it.  
  
   Late at night I got one of those calls.  As I was getting ready to head out the door, my husband groggily said: "You're not going down there by yourself at this hour."  
  
   Just as I was thinking: "How thoughtful of him", he added, "Better take the dog with you."Rushing to work, I was driving too fast and as a result was pulled over by the highway patrol.

   The state trooper noticed that my shirt had the name of a local high school on it.  "I teach math there," I explained.

   The trooper smiled, and said, "Okay, here's a problem.  A teacher is speeding down the highway at 16 m.p.h over the limit.  At $12 for every m.p.h over the limit, plus $40 costs, plus the rise in her insurance, what's her total cost?

   I replied, "Taking the total, subtracting the low salary I receive, multiplying by the number of kids who hate math, then adding to that the fact that none of us would be anywhere without teachers, I'd say zero."

 He handed me back my license.  "Math was never my favorite subject," he addmitted.  "Please slow down."Getting a new girlfriend is like joining the Army.  You get a new haircut and new clothes, and all information is given to you on a need-to-know basis.One evening two bachelors were talking over dinner.  The conversation drifted from sports to politics, and then to cooking.  
   "I got a cookbook once," said the bachelor. "But I couldn't do anything with it."
   "Too much fancy stuff in it, huh?"  asked his friend.
   "You said it." The first guy replied, nodding.  "Every one of those recipes began the same way: 'Take a clean plate....'"Former Vice President Dan Quayle says that if you take out the profanity, the TV show "The Osbounes" is about good family values.  
   You take out the profanity, and "The Osbournes" is about 30 seconds long.Ralph was one his way home from work on night, when to his horror, he suddenly realized that he'd completely forgotten his daughter's birthday.
   He rushed to the toy store and asked the manager, "How much is the Barbie in the window?"
   "Which one?" The manager replied.  "We have Workout Barbie for $19.95, Malibu Barbie for $19.95, Soccer Barbie is 19.95, Cinderella Barbie $19.95, Retro '70's Barbie $19.95, and Divorced Barbie $375."
   "Hold on," Ralph said. "Why is Divorced Barbie $375 when all the other Barbies are only $19.95?"
   "Well," said the store manager.  "Divorced Barbie comes with Ken's car, Ken's house, Ken's boat, Ken's dog, Ken's cat, Ken's furniture....."When my wife and I showed up at a very popular restaurant, it was crowded.  My wife went up to the hostess (who was blonde) and asked, "Will it be long?"

The hostess, ignoring her, kept on writing in her book.  My wife again asked "How much of a wait?"

The blonde looked up, "About ten minutes."

A short time later, the blonde got on the loudspeaker, and announced "Willette B. Long, your table is ready."Recently I was behind a car with three bumper stickers:  Don't be fooled by genetically engineered food--demand labels and safety testing for food; Eat for the health of it; and Support organic farmers."
   The car was in front of me at a McDonalds drive-through.A lady walked into a bar and there were no seats available, except for one at a table that was occupied by a man, and she decides to take it. He said, "Hello, my name is Jim Snow, what's yours?"

The women replied, "June."

She went to get a drink and Jim Snow sat there smiling at her. When she came back he still sat there smiling.

June was a little embarrassed, so she bashfully said, "Why are you smiling at me like that?"

Jim answered, "Well, just imagine having 6 inches of Snow in June!"What's the nicest thing about a nudist wedding?

You don't have to ask - you can see who the best man is.What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies?

A bingo machineTrue bravery is arriving home late after a boy's night out, being assaulted by your wife with a broom, and still having the guts to ask: Are you still cleaning, or are you flying somewhere?A man walked into a hotel and asked for a room. The guy behind the counter said there is only one room left but it is haunted. The man does not believe this so he gets the room. That night the man hears a voice saying "I`m gonna find you, I`m gonna get you, I`m gonna eat you!" The man runs away scared.
The next day a father and his daughter get the room after they were warned. That night they hear "I`m gonna find you, I`m gonna get you, I`m gonna eat you!" The girl hides under the bed as the father follows the sound to the closet. He opens the door.
There on the floor sits a little boy, picking his nose, saying "I`m gonna find you, I`m gonna get you, I`m gonna eat you!"A man walks into a hotel and asks for a room. The guy behind the counter tells him that there is one room left but it is haunted. The man gets the room anyway. That night he hears in a soft voice "If the log rolls over we`ll all die!" He runs away. The next day a father and his daughter get the room after they were told that it is haunted. That night they hear "If the log rolls over we`ll all die!" The girl hides under the bed as the father follows the sound to the bathroom door. He opens the door. There on the ground is a bunch of ants staring at a turd saying, "If the log rolls over, we'll all die!"A farm boy accidentally overturned a wagonload of corn. A farmer, who lived nearby, heard the noise and yelled to the boy, "Hey, Willis, forget your troubles and come in for a visit. I'll help you pick the wagon up later."

"That's mighty nice of you," Willis answered, "but Pa wouldn't like me to."

"Aw, come on, boy," the farmer insisted.

"Well, OK" the boy finally agreed, "but Pa won't like it."

After a hearty dinner, Willis thanked his host. "I feel a lot better now, but I know Pa is going to be real upset."

"Don't be foolish," the neighbor said with a smile; "by the way, where is he?"

"Under the wagon," replied the boy.What is the definition of wicker box?

It's what Elmer Fudd wants to do to Madonna.A man met a beautiful blonde lady and he decided he wanted to marry her right away. She said, "But we don't know anything about each other."

He said, "That's all right, we'll learn about each other as we go along." So she consented, and they were married, and went on a honeymoon to a very nice resort.

One morning they were laying by the pool, when he got up off of his towel, climbed up to the 10 Meter board and did a two and a half tuck gainer, this was followed by a three rotations in jackknife position, where he straightened out and cut the water like a knife. After a few more demonstrations, he came back and lay down on the towel.

She said," That was incredible!"

He said, "I used to be an Olympic diving champion. You see, I told you we'd learn more about ourselves as we went along."

So she got up, jumped in the pool, and started doing laps. After about thirty laps she climbed back out and lay down on her towel hardly out of breath.

He said, "That was incredible! Were you an Olympic endurance swimmer?"

"No." she said, "I was a hooker in Venice and I worked both sides of the canal."Yo mama so dumb that she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company.What does a Mexican firefighter name his twin sons?

Jose and JosbeJanet's son, Trevor, lived in Georgia with his mom. Over the summer, Trevor went to California. On his way back to home, he decided to stop at an "adult video" store. The manager asked if he had an account. He admitted he didn't, and asked to start one. The manager asked for his phone number and he gave it to them. The manager then replied, "It says that the account is under the name of Janet."George W. Bush was invited to visit the Queen of England.  The Queen gets her finest horses and buggy.  When Bush gets off the plane, and onto the buggy, Bush and the Queen ingage in a conversation.  In the middle of their conversation, one of the horse let out a really big, really smelly fart.  The Queen quickly apoligizes and says "I'm sorry, theirs somethings not even a Queen can control."  Bush replies "Ma'am, if you wouldn't have said anything, I would have thought it was the horse."Nine year old Joey was asked by his mother what he had learned at Sunday school. 

"Well, Mom, our teacher told us how God sent Moses behind enemy lines on a rescue mission to lead the Israelites out of Egypt. 

"When he got to the Red Sea, he had his engineers build a pontoon bridge and all the people walked across safely. 

"Then he used his walkie-talkie to radio headquarters for reinforcements. They sent bombers to blow up the bridge and all the Israelites were saved." 

"Now, Joey, is that really what your teacher taught you?" his mother asked. 

"Well, no. But if I told it the way the teacher did, you'd never believe it!"Interviewer : Give me the opposite words.

Banta Singh : OK.

Interviewer : Made in India.

Banta Singh : Destroyed in Pakistan.

Interviewer : Good .... Keep it up.

Banta Singh : Bad .... Put it down.

Interviewer : Maxi - mum

Banta Singh : Mini - dad

Interviewer : Enough! Take your seat.

Banta Singh : Insufficient! Don't take my seat.

Interviewer : Idiot! Take your seat.

Banta Singh : Clever! Don't take my seat.

Interviewer : I say you get out!

Banta Singh : You didn't say I come in.

Interviewer : I reject you!

Banta Singh : You appoint me.

Interviewer : .....!!!!!One day, three friends met at an inn after not seeig each other for a very long time. They chatted for an hour or so, and then the topic turned to their wives.

A: You know, something strange happened during my wife's delivery. She was reading a book called "The Two Brothers" before her delivery and she gave birth to 'two' children ! Isn't that strange?"

B: Yeah, but you want to know something stranger ? A similar thing happened to my wife, when she was pregnant ! She was reading the book "Amar, Akbar and Antony", and she gave birth to 'three children' !!!"

On hearing this, the third person C, took to his heels and started running. The other two were puzzled but they ran after C and caught up with him.

A: "Hey C. Why did you run off ?"

C: "My wife's pregnant now and she's reading "Alibaba and the Forty Thieves" !!!!"One day an American General, a Russian General and an Indian General were all going to England in a ship. All of them were very boastful.

AG : "I have the bravest and most courageous crew in the world. See for yourselves. Oy, you!" (he called to an American soldier) "Swim around this moving ship." 

The American soldier jumped into the sea without a word, and swam around the moving ship and returned.

AG : See the guts !

RG : "Oh, that's nothing. See this. You, (he called to a Russian soldier) swim 5 rounds around this moving ship!"

The Russian soldier also jumped into the sea and swam 5 times around the moving ship and returned.

RG : "See the guts!"

IG : "Oh, that's nothing compared to MY soldiers. You, (he called to Banta Singh) swim 10 times around this moving ship!"

Banta Singh : "Am I your servant?"

IG : "See the guts!"

AG & RG : ....!!!!Proverb : Behind every successful man, there is a woman.

Refined by me : Behind every successful man, there is a very much surprised woman.A man and his wife were having some problems and giving each other the silent treatment. The man realized that he'd need his wife to wake him the next morning at 5:00 a.m, for an early flight to Chicago.

Not wanting to be the first to break the silence, he wrote on a piece of paper, "Please wake me at 5:00 a.m."

The next morning the man woke up, only to discover it was 9:00 a.m. and that he had missed his flight. Furious, he was about to go and see why his wife hadn't woken him when he noticed a piece of paper by the bed.

The paper said, "It is 5:00 a.m. Wake up."Yo momma's so fat, she plays hopscotch like this :

Washington, California, Nevada, now ArizonaA father was approached by his small son, who told him proudly, "I know what the Bible means!" His father smiled and replied, "What do you mean, you 'know' what the Bible means?" The son replied, "I do know!" 

"Okay," said his father. "So, son, what does the Bible mean?" 

"That's easy, Daddy. It stands for 'Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth.'"A mother and her son were flying Southwest Airlines from Norfolk to Las Vegas. The son, who had been looking out the window, turned to his mother and said, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The mother, who couldn't think of an answer, told her son to ask the flight attendant. So the boy asked the flight attendant, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The flight attendant asked, "Did your mother tell you to ask me?" The boy said that she had. Smiling, she then said, "Tell your Mother that Southwest always pulls out on time."A Buddhist and a Hindu went skydiving together. As they prepared to jump, the Buddhist said, "If anything should go wrong--" 

"Nothing will go wrong," said the Hindu. "But if it does, God will save me." 

"Not a chance," the Buddhist said, "Because there IS no God. There is only your Essential Buddha Nature." The Hindu scoffed at this.

The pair leaped out of the plane. Halfway down, they discovered that their parachutes wouldn't open.

"My God!" screamed the Hindu. "Save me!" But he continued to plummet. 

Just then he heard the Buddhist say, "I call upon my own Essential Buddha Nature." Immediately, a giant hand came out of nowhere, cradled the Buddhist in its palm and gently began lowering him to earth. 

The terrified Hindu too cried out, "I call upon my own Essential Buddha Nature!" With that, another giant hand appeared, cradled the Hindu in its palm and started gently lowering him to earth. 

"Whew! That was a close one!" said the Hindu, wiping the sweat from his brow. "Thank God!" whereupon the giant hand turned over.A man walks into a hotel and asks the man for a room. The clerk says, "There's only one room left, and it's haunted."
But the man says, "I'll take it!" That night he heard the ghost. "I'm the ghost of Teeny Weenie! Stay here and I'll take your weenie!" and the man ran out of the hotel as fast as he could.
The next day, another man needed a room. The clerk again said, "There's only one room left and it's haunted." The man said,"I'll take it!" That night he heard the ghost. "I'm the ghost of Teeny Weenie!" he chanted. "Get out of bed or I'll take your weenie!" and he too ran out of the hotel as fast as he could.
The day after, another man came in needing a room. The clerk said for the third time, "There's only one room left, and it's haunted." He said, "I'll take it!" That night he heard the ghost. "I'm the Ghost of Teeny Weenie! Get out of bed or I'll take your weenie!"
The man said, "Oh yeah? Well, I'm the ghost of Christmas Past, take my dick and I'll kick your ass!"This is the epitaph on the gravestone of an army mule:  

Here lies Maggie, who in her time kicked two colonels, four majors, ten captains, twenty-four lieutenants, forty-two sergeants, four hundred eighty-six privates, and one bomb.Here are two versions of the same story--

A certain man was passing through a small town and wanted to upgrade his mode of transportation. So he looked all around this small town he was in and found that the only place he could buy a faster means of transportation was at the local monastery. They had a horse for sale there for quite a deal. When the man was leaving the monastery with his new horse the monk that was sold him the horse said "Now all you have to remember is- When you want the horse to move all you need to say is 'Hallelujah' and when you want it to stop say 'Amen.'" The man then gave the monk a half acknowledged nod and continued on his way.
After several miles the man sneezed and spooked the horse. The horse started running faster and faster. Then the man noticed a cliff ahead of him and stared to panic and said a prayer when the traveler said "Amen" the horse stopped right on the edge of the cliff. Then the man shouted and Praised God saying "Hallelujah!"



A certain man traveling ran into a stroke of bad luck. His horse died when he was still traveling, but luckily he was only a few miles off of a small town. He reached the town and inquired where he would be able to find a horse and he was told that the only person who had horses in the town was the preacher. The man went to the preacher and asked if he could buy a horse. The preacher said: "Why certainly I'll sell this one right here to you. But remember this; I trained my horses to move when you say 'Praise the Lord' and when you want the horse to stop say 'Amen.'"
With that the man thanked the preacher and said "Praise the Lord!" and the horse and the man immediately went riding away. While the man was riding along he noticed a cliff ahead of him and thought to himself "What was it that the preacher told me to say to get this horse to stop?" he then tried "Whoa whoa, Betsy!" but the horse kept on riding. The man finally so desperate said a prayer and at the end of his payer he said "Amen." The horse stopped right at the edge of the cliff. The man looked down the steep cliff and said "Praise the Lord!"There is a story about a monastery perched high on a cliff several hundred feet in the air. The only way to reach the monastery was to be suspended in a basket which was pulled to the top by several monks who pulled and tugged with all their strength. Obviously the ride up the steep cliff in that basket was terrifying.

One tourist got exceedingly nervous about halfway up as he noticed that the rope by which he was suspended was old and frayed. With trembling voice, he asked the monk who was riding with him in the basket how often they changed the rope. 

The monk thought for a moment and answered brusquely, "Whenever it breaks."A story is told of a Jewish man who was riding on the subway reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader. 

"Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?"

Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"An undertaker had a busy day at work, and in front of him, was 3 new bodies that had been sent from the hospital. 

The first one his mouth opened wide. He then moved on to see the next body. It too had opened his mouth widely. 
Surprised, he went over to the last body. This body was charred and had a huge smile on his face. 

Feeling puzzled, he turned to ask the hospital personnel:&quot; What actually happened to these people? 

&quot;Well..&quot; replied the personnel, &quot;The first man died from laughing too much at a joke.&quot;

&quot;The second man died while telling a very funny joke.&quot; 

&quot;The last man..well, he died while taking a picture. At least that was what he thought he was doing. He thought that the lightning was a camera's flash.&quot;There was once a very depressed man that went to see the psychiatrist. He was advised to go on a holiday to unwind and relax his mental and emotional burdens. Upon his return from the holiday, the man's assistant went to the airport to welcome him back.

Man: "How's everything here?"

Assistant: "Well, nothing much, but your dog died."

Man: "How did he die?"

Assistant: "Well, because he ate burned horse meat."

Man: "Where did the meat come from?"

Assistant: Well..your ranch caught fire and burned down."

Man: "What? How did that happen?"

Assistant: "It was the sparks from your house that    started the fire on the ranch."

Man: "What? A fire broke out in my house?"

Assistant: "Yes, the curtains caught fire from your mother's altar."

Man: "My mum's what?"

Assistant: "Oh..your mother's altar. Well, she died."

Man: "All this happened and you said nothing much had taken place? How did she die?"

Assistant: "Well..your wife ran away with another man and your mother had a heart attack."Once there were twins, Joe and John. Joe was the owner of a dilapidated old boat. It so happened that John's wife died the same day that Joe's boat sank.

A few days later, a kindly old woman saw Joe and mistook him for John. She said, "I'm sorry to hear about your loss. You must just feel terrible."

Joe thinking that she was talking about his boat, said, "Hell no, in fact is I'm sort of glad to be rid of her. She was a rotten old thing right from the beginning. Her bottom was all shriveled up and she smelled like old dead fish. She was always losing her water, she had a bad crack in the back and a pretty big hole in the front too. Every time I used her, her hole got bigger and she leaked like crazy.

I guess what finally finished her off was when I rented her to these four guys looking for a good time. I warned them that she wasn't very good, but they wanted to use her anyhow. The fools tried to get in her all at once and she split right up the middle." The old lady fainted.Once, there were three male dogs that set eyes on a beautiful female poodle. They all rushed over to her. Aware of her charms, she said, "I will go out with the first one of you who can use the words 'liver' and 'cheese' together in an intelligent sentence."

Immediately the Lab said, "I like liver and cheese."

"No imagination at all," said the poodle.

Next was the muscular Rottweiler, who blurted, "I hate liver and cheese."

"That's worse than the Lab," she replied. 

Finally a tiny Chihuahua smiled at his opponents, gave the poodle a knowing wink, and said, "Liver alone, cheese mine."A mother had 3 virgin daughters. They were all getting married within a short time period. Because Mom was a bit worried about how their sex life would get started, she made them all promise to send a postcard from the honeymoon with a few words on how marital sex felt.

The first girl sent a card from Hawaii two days after the wedding. The card said nothing but "Nescafe". Mom was puzzled at first, but then went the kitchen and got out the Nescafe jar. It said: "Good till the last drop."

Mom blushed, but was pleased for her daughter.

The second girl sent the card from Vermont a week after the wedding, and the card read: "Benson & Hedges". Mom now knew to go straight to her husband's cigarettes, and she read from the Benson & Hedges pack: "Extra long. King Size".

She was again slightly embarrassed but still happy for her daughter.

The third girl left for her honeymoon in the Caribbean. Mom waited for a week, nothing. Another week went by and still nothing. Then after a whole month, a card finally arrived. Written on it with shaky handwriting were the words "British Airways". Mom took out her latest Harper's Bazaar magazine, flipped through the pages fearing the worst, and finally found the ad for British Airways.

The ad said: "Three times a day, seven days a week, both ways."

Mom fainted.There was once a very stupid parrot that could only say: "Who's there?" 

So one fine evening, while its owner was out shopping, the gas delivery man arrived at the door. He pressed the door bell and waited for the door to be opened. 

At that moment, the parrot said: "Who's there?"
The man then promptly replied: "Gas delivery man."
The parrot then spoke: "Who's there?"
The man then repeated himself again.

After several hours, the owner returned home. He was shocked to find a man outside his door, foaming in his mouth. 
Puzzled, he said:" Who's that?" A voice from inside the house replied: "Gas delivery man."This guy comes home from work one day to find his dog with the neighbor's pet rabbit in his mouth. The rabbit is dead and the guy panics. He thinks the neighbors are going to hate him forever, so he takes the dirty, chewed up rabbit into the house and gives it a bath, blow dries its fur and puts the rabbit back into the cage at the neighbor's house, hoping they will think it died of natural causes.

A few days later, the neighbor is outside and asks the guy, "Did you hear that Fluffy died?" The guy stumbles around and says, "Um.. no.. um.. what happened?" The neighbor replies, "We just found him dead in his cage one day, but the weird thing is that the day after we buried him we went outside and someone had dug him up, gave him a bath and put him back into the cage. There must be some real sick people out there!"Teacher to student: "I just read the composition on 'My House' that you had submitted."

Student: "Yes, is there anything wrong?"

Teacher: "No. It was excellent. It was exactly the same composition that your older brother submitted last year."

Student: "Well...we live in the same house..."A young woman goes shopping and buys one bar of soap, one yogurt, one microwave dinner for one, one apple, and a romance novel. She goes to the checkout stand, where she notices that the clerk is staring at her. Flattered, she flutters her eyelashes and giggles nervously. 

He says, "Single, huh?"

She replies coyly, "How did you guess?"

"Because," he says, "You're ugly."Yo momma is like a Nascar race car, she burns rubber everynight!On the sixth day, God created the platypus. 

And God said: Let's see the evolutionists try and figure this one out.Q. Why do women prefer old gynecologists?

A. They have shaky hands!Matters had progressed to the point where the freshman and his date were naked in the motel bed when the girl had a change of heart.

"I suppose you're going to tell me now that you're waiting for 'Mr. Right'," he said dejectedly.

"That's a silly old romantic notion," laughed the coed. "I'm just waiting for 'Mr. Big'."Two Arabs boarded a flight out of London. One took a window seat and the other sat next to him in the middle seat. Just before takeoff, an American sat down in the aisle seat.  After takeoff, the American kicked his shoes off, wiggled his toes and was settling in when the Arab in the window seat said,"I need to get up and get a beer."

"Don't get up," said the American, "I'm in the aisle seat. I'll get it for you". 

As soon as he left, one of the Arabs picked up the American's shoe and spat in it. When he returned with the beer, the other Arab said, "That looks good, I'd really like one, too." Again, the American obligingly went to fetch it. While he was gone the other Arab picked up his other shoe and spat in it too. When the American returned, they all sat back and enjoyed the flight. As the plane was landing, the American slipped his feet into his shoes and realized immediately what had happened. "Why does it have to be this way?" he asked, "How long must this go on? This fighting between our nations? This hatred? This animosity? This spitting in shoes, pissing in beers?"One day Jim, a duck, was swimming in a pond when he came up to another duck and asked "What are doing?" "Blowing bubbles," she replied. Jim met 3 more ducks and they all said the same thing. When Jim came up to a 5th duck he said "Let me guess, you're blowing bubbles?" "No," said the duck, "I am Bubbles!"Q: What's green, has 3 eyes, sharp teeth, and blood on its face?

A: I don't know, but it's on your shoulder!If there are 12 cats on a fence and 1 cat jumps off, how many are left?

None, they're all copycats!Q: Why did the blonde wear condoms on her ears? 
A: She was afraid she might get hearing aids.Q:What did the blonde's right leg say to her left leg? 
A:Nothing, they haven't met yet.Two blondes observed in a parking lot trying to unlock the door of their Mercedes with a coat hanger: 
Blonde#1: I can't seem to get this door unlocked! 
Blonde#2: Well, you'd better hurry up and try harder, its starting to rain and the top is down!A policeman pulled a blonde over because she was driving the wrong way on a one-way street.

Cop: Do you know where you were going? 

Blonde: No, but wherever it is, it must be bad 'cause all the people are leaving.Yo momma cooks so bad, your family prays after they eat!There were three midgets. Each one wanted to win a world record. 

The first midget went in to the place for world records and said I want to see if I have the worlds smallest hands. 
He came happy and said i got the record. 

So the second one goes in and says I want to see if I can get the record for the worlds smallest feet. 
He came out all happy and said i got the record. 

Then the last one goes in and said I want to see if I have the worlds smallest penis. He came out all sad and said, "Who the in the hell Michael Jackson?!"Yo Momma so hairy . . . . .


 she has to have a hair trapper in her kitchen sink.Yo momma is so fat I had to take five trains, eight cars, 
and twelve airplanes just to get around her!Blondes are like pool tables - every time you put a dollar in, she'll rack your balls.1.  Say "Darn, officer you must have been going fast to catch up with me."

2. When he approaches you, look at his gut and say, "Hmmm, I thought officers were supposed to be physically fit."

3. Sway and ask if his bulletproof vest protects him from
projectile vomiting.

4. Lie on the ground and ask him to draw your outline in chalk.

5. Throw his nightstick and tell the police dog to go fetch it.

6. Ask if you can use his pepper spray to spice up your pizza.

7. Tell him you wanted to be a cop, but I decided to graduate high school.

8. When he asks you to walk the line "Riverdance" instead.

9. Instead of pleading with the 5th amendment, plead with the 13th or 16th.

10. When he asks for your license, say, "Oh, sure, officer, could you hold my beer for a sec?"The slick defense lawyer was drilling the star witness, in an attempt to ruffle the mans feathers, and secure his own case. He began egging him on.

"You seem to have more than the average share of intelligence for a man of your background" the lawyer sneered.

The witness replied,
"If I wasn't under oath, I'd return the compliment."There was a tradesman, a painter named Jack, who was very interested in making a dollar where he could. So he often would thin down his paint to make it go a wee bit further. As it happened, he got away with this for some time.

Eventually the local church decided to do a big restoration project. Jack put in a painting bid and, because his price was so competitive, he got the job. And so he started, erecting the trestles and putting up the planks, and buying the paint and thinning it down with turpentine.

Jack was up on the scaffolding, painting away, the job nearly done, when suddenly there was a horrendous clap of thunder. The sky opened and the rain poured down, washing the thin paint from all over the church and knocking Jack off the scaffold to land on the lawn. 

Jack was no fool. He knew this was a judgment from the Almighty, so he fell on his knees and cried, "Oh, God! Forgive me! What should I do?" 

And from the thunder, a mighty Voice spoke, "Repaint! Repaint! And thin no more!"A minister parked his car in a no-parking zone in a large city because he was short of time and couldn't find a space with a meter. So he put a note under the windshield wiper that read: "I have circled the block 10 times. If I don't park here, I'll miss my appointment. FORGIVE US OUR TRESPASSES."

When he returned, he found a citation from a police officer along with this note: "I've circled this block for 10 years. If I don't give you a ticket, I'll lose my job. LEAD US NOT INTO TEMPTATION."Three boys are walking along the beach one day when they see a cave. The first boy goes in and is just looking at a banknote on a big rock when a ghostly voice calls out, "I am the ghost of Auntie Mabel and this five dollars stays on the table!"

The second boy goes in and is reaching for the money when the same thing happens again.

The third boy goes in, sees the five dollars and cries out, "I am the ghost of David Crockett and this five dollars goes in my pocket!"Three ants went to the beach to swim.
Two jumped directly in the water.
The other went back home and after an hour returned.
Why?

She forgot her swimming suit!!"Danny," asked Mrs Waters, "What's usually used as a conductor of electricity?"

"Why- er..."

"Correct, wire. Now tell me, what is the unit of electrical power?"

"The what??"

That's absolutely right. The watt."A guy walks into a strip club and sees a really pretty girl right in front of him. He goes up to her and asks, "Hey, Honey, want to come home with me?" She says yes. They go back to his house that night and they have sex. Throughout this whole time he hasn't been able to see her properly. When she rolls into the moonlight, he caught a glimpse of her. "What, the...! What are you doing here?"

He had just realised that he was in bed wth his mother-in-law!A white man, a Cuban, and a Mexican, are all sitting at a bar when the Mexican throws a taco out the window.

The white man asks, "Why'd you throw that taco out?" The Mexican replies, "Where I come from we have a lot of those."

Next the Cuban throws some weed out the window.  The Mexican asks, "Why'd you throw that weed out?"  The Cuban replies, "Where I come from we have a lot of that..."

Suddenly the white man throws the Mexican out the window.  The Cuban, shocked, asks, "Why'd you throw him out the window?!" The white man answers, "Well..where I come from we have A LOT of those."Knock Knock.

Who's there? 

Ketchup. 

Ketchup who?

Ketchup to ya later!How many cats does it take to screw in a light bulb?

None. Cats can't hold a light bulbYo momma's so fat that a car hit her and she turned around and said "Hey! Who threw that rock!"Knock Knock.

Who's there?

To. 

To who? 

To you.How do you titillate an ocelot?




Oscillate its tit a lot!On the appointed day, St. Peter escorted John to the Holy Mother's sanctuary. John went before Her, knelt, and said: "Holy Mother, I've always looked to You for guidance, and You have granted me peace and serenity through some difficult times. But I have one question that has nagged me during my whole time on earth. In all the paintings that were done of you, and in all the sculptures that were carved of you, you always looked so sad. Why is that?"

Mary thought for a moment, pursing her lips. She said: "I always wanted a girl."There's a big controversy on the Jewish view of exactly when life begins. In Jewish tradition, the fetus is not considered viable until after it graduates from medical school.Yo momma's so stupid...


She site on the T.V and watches the couch.Yo mama is so fat, she's the reason they declared world hunger.Yo mama is like a hockey player. She doesn't change her pad for three periods.Yo momma is so fat, that every time you smack her butt, you can ride the waves!A father asked his son: "Why do you take the medicine before it's time? "

The son answered:" To surprise the germs! "Jack was summoned by the Disciplinarian where his son, Tracey was enrolled. Tracey always throw stones at his playmates and he never missed.

Jack replied to the Disciplinarian : Sir, please look at the bright side. My son will grow up to be a very effective baseball pitcher.A teacher asked her children just before they were about to leave class for Mass, 
"And why is it necessary to be quiet during Mass?" 

One bright little girl replied, "Because people are sleeping."A girl went to a dentist to have her teeth filled. The dentist asked, 

"What kind of fillings do you want? White or silver?" 

The girl replied, "Chocolate fillings."Two muffins were sitting next to each other, in an oven, as they were being cooked. One muffin turned to the other muffin, and said, "Man, it's hot in here." 
Then the other muffin turned to the first muffin and screamed, "AHHH! A TALKING MUFFIN!"This is a true story that happened in a South African hospital.

There was this case in the hospital where a patient always died in the same bed and on a Friday morning regardless of his medical condition. This puzzles the doctors and some even think it has something to do with the supernatural. 

One day, all the doctors decide to go down to the ward where it always happens on the Friday mornings. They want to take a look at what's going on. Friday morning comes and everyone's at the hospital ward waiting for the terrible phenomenon to occur again. Right at the expected time, the cleaner comes in and unplugs the life support system so that she can use the vacuum!CO-PILOT: Commander! We are being attacked!
COMMANDER: Report your height and status!
CO-PILLOT: I'm 5'11 and sittin' in the cockpit.One to his friend:
"My little brother started walking  last week!"
The other friend:
"Where did he go? He should be kilometers away!"A dad to his son: If someone calls for me, tell him that I'm out.

The son: And if he doesn't call?A teacher asked his student:
Give me an example of 6 animals.

The student:
3 Lions, 2 Tigers , and 1 Cheetah !Suddenly the electricity went off in the house of a blonde.

So, she wanted to light  a match. 
After being tired of looking for the match, she blew out the candle and went to sleep.One morning a man came into the church on crutches. He stopped in front of the holy water, put some on both legs, and then threw away his crutches.

An altar boy witnessed the scene and then ran into the rectory to tell the priest what he'd just seen.

"Son, you've just witnessed a miracle!" the priest said. "Tell me, where is this man now?"

"Flat on his butt over by the holy water!" the boy informed him.A young man asked an old rich man how he made his money.
 
 The old guy fingered his worsted wool vest and said, "Well, son, it was 1932. The depth of the Great Depression. I was down to my last nickel. I invested that nickel in an apple. I spent the entire day polishing the apple and, at the end of the day, I sold
the apple for ten cents.
 
 The next morning, I invested those ten cents in two apples. I spent the entire day polishing them and sold them at 5:00 pm for 20 cents. I continued this system for a month, by the end of which I'd accumulated a fortune of $1.37.
 
 Then my wife's father died and left us two million dollars."Einstein dies and goes to heaven, only to be informed, that his room is not yet ready. "I hope you will not mind waiting in a dormitory. We are very sorry, but it's the best we can do, and you will have to share the room with others." he is told by the doorman. Einstein says, "This is no problem at all, and there is no need to make such a great fuss." So the doorman leads him to the dorm. They enter, and Albert is introduced to all of the present inhabitants. "See, here is your first roommate. He has an IQ of 180!" "That's wonderful!" says Albert. "We can discuss mathematics!" "And here is your second roommate. His IQ is 150!" "That's wonderful!" says Albert. "We can discuss physics!" "And here is your third roommate. His IQ is 100!" "That's wonderful! We can discuss the latest plays at the theater!" Just then another man moves out to capture Albert's hand and shake it. "I'm your last roommate, and I'm sorry, but my IQ is only 80." Albert smiles back at him and says, "So, where do you think the stock market is heading?"A Japanese company and an American company decided to have a canoe race on the Missouri River.
 
Both teams practiced long and hard to reach their peak performance before the race.
 
On the big day the Japanese won by a mile. Afterward, the American team became very discouraged and morally depressed. The American management decided the reason for the crushing defeat had to be found. A management team made up of senior management was formed to investigate and recommend appropriate action. Their conclusion was that the Japanese had 8 people rowing and 1 person steering, while
 the American team had 8 people steering and one person rowing.
 
So American management hired a consulting company and paid them an incredible amount of money. They advised that too many people were steering the boat, while not enough people were rowing. To prevent losing to the Japanese again next year, the rowing team's management structure was totally reorganized to 4 steering supervisors, 3 area steering superintendents and 1 assistant superintendent steering manager. They also implemented a new performance system that would give the 1 person rowing the boat greater incentive to work harder. It was called the Rowing Team
 Quality First Program, with meetings, dinners and a free pen for the rower. We must give the rower the empowerment and enrichments through this quality program.
 
The next year the Japanese won by two miles. Humiliated, the
 American management laid off the rower for poor performance, halted development of a new canoe, sold the paddles, and canceled all capital investments for new equipment. Then they distributed the money saved as bonuses to the senior executives.Authentic Claims from a Car Insurance agency...

"The car in front hit the pedestrian but he got up so I hit him again."

"I started to slow down but the traffic was more stationary than I thought."

"I started to turn and it was at this point I noticed a camel and an elephant tethered at the verge. This distraction caused me to lose concentration and hit a bollard."

"I saw a slow moving, sad faced old gentleman as he bounced off the roof of my car."

"Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have."

"I was going at about 70 or 80 mph when my girlfriend on the pillion reached over and grabbed my testicles so I lost control."

"A car drove away at speed catching our client who went up in the air and his head went through the windscreen and then rolled off at the traffic lights a good few feet away. The car then sped off and miraculously our client remained conscious and managed to cross the road."

"I am responsible for the accident as I was miles away at the time."

"I pulled into a lay-by with smoke coming from under the bonnet. I realised the car was on fire so took my dog and smothered it with a blanket."

"I had one eye on a parked car, another on approaching lorries, and another on the woman behind."

"On the M6 I moved from the centre lane to the fast lane but the other car didn't give way."

"On approach to the traffic lights the car in front suddenly broke."

"Three men approached me from the minibus. I thought they were coming to apologise. Two of the men grabbed hold of me by my arms and the first slapped me several times across the face. I kneed the man in the groin but didn't connect properly so I kicked him in the shin."

"The accident happened when the right front door of a car came round the corner without giving a signal."

"No one was to blame for the accident but it would never have happened if the other driver had been alert."

"I was unable to stop in time and my car crashed into the  other vehicle. The driver and passengers then left immediately for a vacation with injuries."

"The pedestrian ran for the pavement, but I got him."

"I saw her look at me twice. She appeared to be making slow progress when we met on impact."

"The accident occurred when I was attempting to bring my car out of a skid by steering it into the other vehicle."Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be called bagels!There were two guys in the Army. One day one of the guys gets a letter from his mother and after reading it becomes very sad. His friend asked him what was wrong. The first guy responded by handing him the letter. So the second guy reads that his friend's mother had written that the first guy's girlfriend was in bed with arthritis. "Well" The friend said to the first guy... "That's not so bad..." The first guy turns to him and says "Yea, That's what you think. I know those Ritis boys and Art is the worst one!"If Men Were in Charge of Weddings

There would be a "Rehearsal Kegger" rather than a "Rehearsal Dinner."

Bridesmaids would wear matching blue jean cut-offs and halter tops.

They would have NO tan lines.


The couple would leave the ceremony in a souped up '73 Charger or some other Mopar with racing tires and flame designs on the side of the car. Better yet, a Harley!

Idiots who tried to dance with the bride would get punched in the head.

Big, slobbery dogs would be eligible for the role of "Best Man."

There would be "Tailgate Receptions."

Ceremonies would be short and honeymoons would be long.

Ceremonies and honeymoons would be inexpensive compared to the cost of the bachelor party. Those strippers and liquor sure do add up.

Men wouldn't ask, "Well, what do you think, dear? The burgundy or the wine colored napkins?" They'd just grab extras from their local pub or tavern.

Favors would be matchbooks and cigars. Better yet, free drink passes at the local lounge.

The bride's dress would show cleavage, her navel, and be form-fitted to her butt.

Instead of a sit-down dinner or a buffet, there would be a hog roast or buckets of chicken, pizza and plenty of bar-b-que.

No one would bother with that "Veil Routine." But they would insist that the garter be as high up on her leg as it could go.

The bridal bouquet would be recycled from a previous funeral or something.

Invitations would read as follows:

Tom (Dick or Harry) is getting the ol' ball and chain... He's getting married. He either: A) knocked her up, B) couldn't get a different roommate, or C) caved in to her ultimatum. Please meet the woman who will cook and clean for him For the rest of his life at Texas Stadium On the 50 Yard Line At Half-time during Sunday's Game. Please join us at The Clubhouse after the game For Beer, Nachos and Pizza. Oh yeah... B.Y.O.BMission to Mars

(Space Shuttle with two trained monkeys and a blonde astronaut)

The Mission Control Room in the US calls the Space Shuttle.

"Monkey 1, Monkey 1, report to communications for instructions."

The trained monkey sits down and he is told to release the pressure in compartment 1, increase the temperature in engine 4 and to release oxygen to the reactors. 

So the monkey does the pressure, temperature, and releases the oxygen.

A few moments later, headquarters calls again: "Monkey 2, Monkey 2,
report to communications for instructions." 

Monkey 2 sits down and he is told to add Carbon Dioxide to room 4, to stop the fuel injection to engine 3, to add nitrogen to the fuel compartment and to analyze the solar radiation. 

Monkey 2 does the carbon dioxide, the fuel injection, the nitrogen and the analysis of solar radiation.

A little later on, headquarters calls again: "Female Astronaut 1, please report to communications for instructions." 

The blonde sits down and just as she is about to be told what to do she says- 

"I know, I know!! Feed the monkeys, and don't touch a damn thing."Bob, an extremely wealthy 60-year-old, arrives at a country club with a beautiful and charming 25-year-old blonde.

His buddies at the club are all aghast. They corner him and ask, "Bob, how'd you get the trophy girlfriend?"

Bob exclaims, "Girlfriend? She's my wife!"

His friends are shocked, but continue to ask, "So, how'd you persuade her to marry you?"

Bob replies, "I lied about my age."

His friends respond, "What do you mean? Did you tell her you were only 40?"

Bob smiles and says, "No, I told her I was 90."The Sunday school teacher was carefully explaining the story of Elijah the Prophet and the false prophets of Baal. She explained how Elijah built the altar, put wood upon it, cut the steer in pieces and laid it upon the altar.

And then Elijah commanded the people of God to fill four barrels of water and pour it over the altar. He had them do this four times.

"Now," said the teacher, "can anyone in the class tell me why the Lord would have Elijah pour water over the steer on the altar?"

A little girl in the back of the room raised her hand with great enthusiasm. "To make the gravy," came her reply.READ SLOWLY----THESE ARE RATHER CLEVER!

1. ARBITRATOR: A cook that *leaves Arby's to work at McDonalds
2. AVOIDABLE: What a bullfighter tried to do
3. BERNADETTE: The act of torching a mortgage
4. BURGLARIZE: What a crook sees with
5. CONTROL: A short, ugly inmate
6. COUNTERFEITERS: Workers who put together kitchen cabinets
7. ECLIPSE: What an English barber does for a living
8. EYEDROPPER: A clumsy ophthalmologist
9. HEROES: What a guy in a boat does
10. LEFTBANK: What the robber did when his bag was full of money
11. MISTY: How golfers create divots
12. PARADOX: Two physicians
13. PARASITES: What you see from the top of the Eiffel Tower
14. PHARMACIST: A helper on the farm
15. POLARIZE: What penguins see with
16. PRIMATE: Removing your spouse from in front of the TV
17. RELIEF: What trees do in the spring
18. RUBBERNECK: What you do to relax your wife
19. SELFISH: What the owner of a seafood store does
20. SUDAFED: Brought litigation against a government officialA candidate brought  dice into the examination hall for MCQ. He started tossing the dice to select his answers. The superintendent just gave a glimpse at this candidate, as he passed by, as it is common to have students trying their luck. Very soon the candidate finished his whole paper and slept on his table. Half an hour later, the candidate sat up, and started tossing the dice again The superintendent felt curious, and approached the candidate.

    Superintendent : "Gentleman, why are you tossing the dice again, since you've already finished all the questions earlier on?"
    
Candidate : "Sir, I have to double check my answers"A lawyer died, and at the same moment, the Pope also died. They arrived at the gates of heaven together. They spend the day in orientation, and as they're getting their heavenly vestments, the Pope gets a plain white toga and wings, like everyone else, and the lawyer gets much finer apparel, made of gold thread, and Gucci shoes.

Then, they get to see where they're going to live. The Pope gets what everyone else gets, a replica of a Holiday Inn room, and the lawyer gets an 18-room mansion with servants and a swimming pool.

At dinnertime, the Pope receives the standard meal, a kosher TV dinner, but the lawyer receives a five-course meal including caviar, prime rib and chocolate truffles.

By this time, the lawyer is beginning to suspect that an error has been made, so he asks one of the angels in charge, "Has there been some kind of mistake? This guy was the Pope, and he gets what everyone else gets, and I'm just a lawyer and I'm getting the finest of everything."

The angel replied, "No mistake, sir. We've had lots of Popes here, but you're the first lawyer we've ever had."What kind of flashlight do blonds use? 


The solar powered kind!Yo mama so fat she can give the homeless a home.I slide to first.
I feel like I'm going to burst.
Diarrhea, diarrhea.
I slide to two.
My pants are filled with goo.
Diarrhea, diarrhea.
I slide to third.
I dropped a runny turd.
Diarrhea, diarrhea.
I slide to home.
My pants are filled with foam.
Diarrhea, diarrhea.
First its in the pants, then its on the floor.
I make a 20 yard dash to the bathroom door.
Some people think its funny.
Its coming out back runny.
Well, diarrhea.A nurse dies and goes to heaven. She is met at the Pearly Gates by St. Peter who asks her questions about her life. Over St. Peter's shoulder the nurse spots a man in a white coat sitting on a cloud with a stethoscope around his neck.

"Oh brother!" she cries. "Is that a doctor?"

St Peter glances over his shoulder and says, "No, that's God. He just thinks he's a doctor."Additional quotes made by physicians in actual medical records:

1. Discharge status: alive but without permission.
2. The patient has been depressed ever since she began seeing me in 1983.
3. The patient refused an autopsy.
4. The patient has no past history of suicides.
5. Patient has left his white blood cells at another hospital.
6. Between you and me, we ought to be able to get this lady pregnant.
7. Since she can not get pregnant with her husband, I thought you would like to work her up.
8. She is numb from her toes down.
9. Occasional, constant, infrequent headaches.
10. Exam of genitalia reveals that he is circus sized.
11. Rectal exam revealed a normal size thyroid.
12. The patient was prepped and raped in the usual manner.
13. Both breasts are equal and reactive to light and accommodation1. Staff physicians include Dr. Who, Dr. Kevorkian, and Dr. Demento. 
2. Tongue depressors taste faintly of Fudgesicle. 
3. Annual breast exam conducted at Hooters. 
4. With your last HMO, your birth control pills didn't come in different colors with little "M's" on them. 
5. Your "primary care physician" is wearing the pants you gave to Goodwill last month. 
6. Directions to your doctor's office include, "Take a left when you enter the trailer park." 
7. Your kidney transplant surgery is held up while your surgeon awaits his arrangement for grave robbing. 
8. The only expense covered 100% is embalming. 
9. Only proctologist in the plan is "Gus" from Roto-Rooter. 
10. Only item listed under Preventive Care feature of coverage is "an apple a day". 
11. The "Patient responsible for 200% of out-of-network charges" is not a typo.
12. You ask for Viagra. You get a Popsicle stick and duct tape.Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?Dear God:

Why do humans smell the flowers, but seldom, if ever, smell one another?

Dear God:

When we get to heaven, can we sit on your couch...or is it going to be the same old story?

Dear God:

 Why are there cars named after the jaguar, the  cougar, the mustang, the colt, the stingray, and the rabbit, but not ONE named for a dog? How often do you see a cougar riding around? We dogs love a nice ride! Would it be so hard to rename the 'Chrysler Eagle' the 'Chrysler Beagle'?

Dear God:

If a dog barks his head off in the forest and no human hears him, is he still a bad dog?

Dear God:

We dogs can understand human verbal instructions, hand signals, whistles, horns, clickers, beepers, scent ID's, electromagnetic energy fields, and Frisbee flight paths. What do humans understand?

Dear God:

More meatballs, less spaghetti, please.

Dear God:

When we get to the Pearly Gates, do we have to shake hands to get in?

Dear God:

Are there mailmen in Heaven? If there are, will I have to apologize?Dear God:

Let me give you a list of just some of the things I must remember to be a good dog:

1. I will not eat the cats' food before they eat it or after they throw it up.

2. I will not roll on dead seagulls, fish, crabs, etc., just because I like the way they smell.

3. I will not munch on "leftovers" in the kitty litter box; although they are tasty, they are not food.

4. The diaper pail is not a cookie jar.

5. The sofa is not a face towel; neither are Mom and Dad's laps.

6. The garbage collector is not stealing our stuff.

7. My head does not belong in the refrigerator.

8. I will not bite the officer's hand when he reaches in for Mom's driver's license and registration.

9. I will not play tug-of-war with Dad's underwear when he's on the toilet.

10. Sticking my nose into someone's crotch is not an acceptable way of saying 'hello.'

11. I do not need to suddenly stand straight up when I'm lying under the coffee table.

12. I must shake the rainwater out of my fur before entering the house.

13. I will not throw up in the car.

14. I will not come in from outside and immediately drag my butt.

15. I will not sit in the middle of the living room and lick my crotch when company is over.

16. The cat is not a squeaky toy; so when I play with him and he makes that noise, it's usually not a good thing.

And, finally, my last question.......

Dear God:

When I get to Heaven may I have my testicles back?*The Poopie List*
GHOST POOPIE: The kind where you feel the poopie come out, but there is no poopie in the toilet.
CLEAN POOPIE: The kind where you poopie it out, see it in the toilet, but there is nothing on the toilet paper.
WET POOPIE: The kind where you wipe your butt 50 times and it still feels unwiped, so you have to put some toilet paper between your butt and your underwear so you won't ruin them with stains.
SECOND WAVE POOPIE: This happens when you're done poopie-ing and you've pulled your pants up to your knees, and you realize that you have to poopie some more.
POP-A VEIN-IN-YOUR-FOREHEAD POOPIE: The kind where you strain so much to get it out, you practically have a stroke.
LINCOLN LOG POOPIE: The kind of poopie that is so huge you're afraid to flush without first breaking it into little pieces with the toilet brush.
GASSY POOPIE: It's so noisy, that everyone within earshot is giggling.
DRINKER'S POOPIE: The kind of poopie you have the morning after a long night of drinking. Its most noticeable trait is the skid marks on the bottom of the toilet.
CORN POOPIE: Self explanatory.
GEE-I-WISH-I-COULD-POOPIE POOPIE: The kind where you want to poopie but all you do is sit on the toilet and fart a few times.
SPINAL TAP POOPIE: That's where it hurts so badly coming out, you'd swear it was leaving you sideways.
WET CHEEKS POOPIE (The Power Dump): The kind that comes out so fast, your butt cheeks get splashed with water.
THE DANGLING POOPIE: This poopie refuses to drop in the toilet even though you are done poopie-ing it. You just hope that a shake or two will cut it loose.
THE SURPRISE POOPIE: You're not even at the toilet because you are sure you are about to fart, but *oops* --- a poopie!A little girl learned in school, that instead of words, pictures and symbols would be drawn to indicate something if words weren't understood.

Later that day, she needed to go into the bathroom, looked at two pictures, and went in one.  A teacher asked her, "Why did you go into the boys' bathroom?"  She answered, "The picture showed a person wearing pants, and I'm wearing pants.  The other picture showed someone wearing a dress, and I'm not."Some friends were on vacation in Maine, and while watching fireworks heard their small son say, "Oh, God!" 

The father quickly cautioned his son, "Please don't speak the Lord's name in vain." 

The boy nodded but obviously mis-heard, because he asked quietly, "Is it OK if I speak his name back in Minnesota?"And Moses looked upon the Lord and said:

"We are your chosen people and you want us to cut the tips off of our WHAT?"Wife: I always bring your picture with me everyday when I go to the office.

Husband: Oh. That must be because you love me so much.

Wife: No, it's because whenever I see your picture, I realize that however hard the problem is in office, I'm lucky with my work because there is a much bigger problem and that's you." 

Husband:Ouch!Doctor: I regret to tell you that you have a brain tumor.

Mr. Bean: Yesss!!! (jumps in joy)

Doctor: Did you understand what I just told you?

Mr. Bean: Yes of course, do you think I'm dumb?

Doctor: Then why are you so happy?

Mr. Bean: Because that proves that I have a brain!Mr. Bean: (crying) "The doctor called, Mom's dead."

Friend: "Condolence, my friend."

After receiving a phone call, Mr. Bean cries even louder.

Friend: "What now?"

Mr. Bean: "My sister just called, her mom died too!"AA and AAA lumber camp advertises for a lumberjack. 
A skinny little guy shows up at the camp the next day carrying an axe. The head lumberjack takes one look at the puny little guy and tells him to get lost. 

"Give me a chance to show you what I can do," says the skinny guy. 

"Okay, see that giant redwood over there?" says the head lumberjack. "Take your axe and cut it down."

The guy heads for the tree, and in five minutes he's knocking on the lumberjack's door. 

"I cut the tree down," says the guy. 

The lumberjack can't believe his eyes and says, "Where did you learn to chop down trees like that?" 

"In the Sahara Forest," says the puny man. 

"You mean the Sahara Desert," says the lumberjack. 

"Sure......!! That's what they call it now!"A man who lived in a block of apartments thought it was raining and put his head out the window to check. As he did so a glass eye fell into his hand. 

He looked up to see where it came from in time to see a young woman looking down. 

"Is this yours?" he asked. 

She said, "Yes, could you bring it up?" and the man agreed. 

On arrival she was profuse in her thanks and offered the man a drink. As she was very attractive he agreed. Shortly afterwards she said, "I'm about to have dinner. There's plenty. Would you like to join me?" 

He readily accepted her offer and both enjoyed a lovely meal. As the evening was drawing to a close the lady said, "I've had a marvelous evening. Would you like to stay the night?" 

The man hesitated then said, "Do you act like this with every man you meet?" 

"No," she replied, "Only those who catch my eye."There were four blondes sitting on the bank of a river, each with a fishing pole intently concentrating on the task at hand. 

A Game Warden drove by and saw the four women fishing and decided to check for the proper fishing licenses and equipment. 

He approached the women and told them he needed to check for their fishing licenses and to his surprise, they all replied they did not have one. 

However, before the Warden could speak, one of the women spoke up and said, "Mr. Warden, sir, we are not fishing for you normal catch. We are environmentalist ridding the waters of garbage and other debris." 

"We are not fishing for fish." said one of the others.

 "We have poles, yes," another woman said, "but on the end of our lines we have magnets. The magnets are gathering up metallic debris from the bottom of this river and therefore, were are cleaning the environment." 

Stunned, the Game Warden thought for a moment and then asked the women to retrieve their lines an show him the "magnets" they were using. Sure enough, one after the other, the women showed the Warden various sized and colored magnets at the end of their line. 

Puzzled, the Warden again thought for a moment then stated, "Well, you ladies seem to be doing a good thing here and there is no law against cleaning up a river bed with a magnet. More people should be like you four. Have a nice day." 

With that the Warden drove off. As soon as the the Warden was out of sight, the four women burst out in hysterical laughter. 

Finally, when one of them was able to speak, she said, "Stupid Fish Cop! Doesn't he know there are steelheads in this river?!?!"Two women came before King Solomon, dragging between them a young man. "This young man agreed to marry my daughter," said one. "No! He agreed to marry my daughter!" said the other.

And so, they haggled before the king until he called for silence. "Bring me my biggest sword," he said, "and I shall cut the young man in half. Each of you shall receive a half."

"Sounds good to me," said the first woman. But the other woman said, "Oh sire, do not spill innocent blood. Let the other woman's daughter marry him."

The wise king did not hesitate a moment. "The young man shall marry the first woman's daughter," he proclaimed. "But she was willing to cut him in two!" exclaimed the king's court.

"Indeed," said King Solomon, "that shows that she is indeed the true mother-in-law."Librarian: "Please be quiet. The people next to you can't read." 

Boy: "What a shame! I've been reading since I was six."A woman, who had just been married to a gambling man, had learned upon marrying him that he always came home well after midnight. 

She didn't like this one bit, and no amount of reasoning with him would make him miss a night out with the guys, so every night for a week she would stay up till he came home, and when she heard him enter the house she would call out:

"Is that you, Ben?"

She did this for a week, and then he started coming home promptly at 7:00 every night. Why, you might ask?

His name was Jacob.A Briton, a Frenchman and a Russian are viewing a painting of Adam and Eve frolicking in the Garden of Eden. 

"Look at their reserve, their calm," muses the Brit. "They must be British." 

"Nonsense," the Frenchman disagrees. "They're naked, and so beautiful. Clearly, they are French." 

"No clothes, no shelter," the Russian points out, "they have only an apple to eat, and they're being told this is paradise. They are Russian."A precious little girl walks into a pet shop and asks in the sweetest little lisp, "Excuthe me, mithter, do you keep widdle wabbits?"

As the shopkeeper's heart melts, he gets down on his knees, so that he's on her level, and asks, "Do you want a widdle white wabbit or a thoft and fuwwy bwack wabbit, or maybe one like that cute widdle bwown wabbit over there?"

She, in turn, blushes, rocks on her heels, puts her hands on her knees, leans forward and says in a quiet voice...

"I don't fink my pet pyfon weally gives a thit."Two guys were working at a sawmill one day, when one of the guys got too close to the blade and cut off his arm. His buddy put the severed arm in a plastic bag and rushed it down to the hospital to get it re-attached. The next day he goes to see his chum, and finds him playing tennis. 

"Incredible!" says his friend. "Medical science is amazing." 

Another month goes by and the same two guys are again at the sawmill working when the same guy gets too close to the spinning blade and this time his leg gets cut off. Again his buddy takes the leg, puts it in a plastic bag and takes it to the hospital to get re-attached. The next day, he goes down to see his chum and finds him outside playing football. 

"Incredible!" says his friend. "Medical science is amazing!" 

Well, another month goes by and again the same two friends are at the mill cutting wood when suddenly the same guy bends down too close to the blade and off comes his head. Well, his friend takes the head, puts it in a plastic bag, and heads to the hospital to get it re-attached. The next day he goes to see his friend but can't find him. He sees the doctor walking down the hall and says, "Doc, where is my friend? I brought him in yesterday." 

The doctor thinks for a minute and says, "Oh yeah, some idiot put his head in a plastic bag and he suffocated."One day little Billy was walking past his mother's room when he heard strange noises. He opened thecracked the door, and looked in. He saw his mother laying naked on the bed rubbing her hands all over her body moaning "I need a man! I need a man!" A couple of days later as he walked past her room he heard the noises again so he looked into her room and saw his mother laying naked on the bed rubbing her hands all over her body moaning "I need a man! I need a man!" A few days later as he walked past her room he heard some more strange noises coming from her room, so he looked in again. This time he saw his mother laying naked on the bed with a naked man laying on top of her. So he ran to his room, took off all his clothes, hopped into bed and started rubbing his hands all over his body moaning "I need a new bike! I need a new bike!"Molly wrote a letter to Santa Claus one day.
Dear Santa,
         Please give me a Workout Barbie and a new milkman because he is sleeping with Mommy.
                       Love,
                      MollyI once got hired for a "wonderful" new job! And here is the "wonderful" note I found attached to my "wonderful" first paycheck:

PAYCHECK GUIDE: The following helpful guide has been prepared to help our new employees better understand their paychecks:

Item Amount Gross pay $1,222.02 
Income tax $244.40 
Outgo tax $45.21 
State tax $11.61 
Interstate tax $61.10 
County tax $6.11 
City tax $12.22 
Rural tax $4.44 
Back tax $1.11 
Front tax $1.16
Side tax $1.61 
Up tax $1.08 
Down tax $1.14 
Tic-Tacs $1.98 
Thumbtacks $3.93 
Carpet tacks $0.98 
Stadium tax $0.69 
Flat tax $8.32 
Surtax $2.23 
Ma'am tax $1.23 
Corporate tax $2.60 
Parking fee $5.00 
F.I.C.A. $81.88 
T.G.I.F. $9.95 
Life insurance $5.85 
Death insurance $12.09 
Health insurance $16.23 
Dental insurance $4.50 
Mental insurance $4.33 
Disability $2.50 
Ability $0.25 
Liability $3.41 
Truthability $30.30
Coffee $6.85 
Coffee Cups $36.21 
Floor rental $16.85 
Chair rental $0.32 
Desk rental $4.32 
Union dues $5.85 
Union don'ts $3.77 
Cash advance $0.69 
Cash retreats $121.35 
Overtime $1.26 
Undertime $54.83 
Eastern time $9.00 
Central time $8.00 
Mountain time $7.00 
Pacific time $6.00  
Oxygen $10.02 
Water $16.54 
Heat $51.42 
Cool air $26.83 
Hot air $20.00 
Miscellaneous $113.29 
Various $8.01 
---------------------------- 
Net Take Home Pay $12.23 

I have since moved to the local sweatshop.The dean of a women's college, addressing her charges, concluded, "...and remember, young ladies, you represent not only your own honor but that of the school. When approached by young men, ask yourself: Is an hour's pleasure worth a lifetime of disgrace? Now, are there any questions?"

A young lady immediately raised her hand and said, "Tell me, how do you make it last an hour?"A rich guy was looking for excitement so he decided to put an ad in the newspaper. The ad said, "I will give $10,000 to any person that can make my elephant jump."

So the next day, people came from all over the world to try to get this elephant to jump. There were even hypnotists who tried, but no one could get that elephant to jump.

Then a guy drives up in a blue Corvette and said, "Are you the guy with the ad?" The rich guy replied yes. Then the guy asked, "Is that your elephant?" "Yes." The rich man replies. Then the
guy went back to his car.

He returned with a 2 by 4. He walked behind the elephant and hit the elephant right in his balls! That elephant jumped a good 8 feet in the air. The rich guy, amazed, handed him the $10,000. The guy then got in his Corvette and drove off.

The next week the rich guy decides to put another ad in the paper. The ad said, "I will give anyone $20,000 to make my elephant turn his head from side to side." The man had seen his elephant's head move up and down but never from side to side.

People come from all over the world to try to get this elephant to make his head turn from side to side. No one could do it. When everyone left, the same guy in the same Corvette drives up.

He walked up to the elephant and said, "Do you remember me?" The elephant nodded his head up and down. Then the man asked, "Do you want me to do it again?" The elephant then shook his head
from side to side frantically.A beautiful blonde goes into a bar and sits down next to a guy that's so homely looking, he hasn't had a date in over a year, also, he's sooooo dumb that one night he slept with a ruler next to his head to see how long he slept.

He figures that he has absolutely no chance in the world to score a date with this ravishing buxom blonde, when suddenly she 
strikes up a conversation with him!  Soon they become rather chummy. It starts to get late and the bartender calls out last drink for alcohol.  The blonde leans over to the guy and says,
"Let's have this last drink at my apartment."

Taken back by her request, and trembling, the guy finally utters
the word, "Okay."

They get up from the bar stool arm and arm headed for the door.  The blonde stops him and says, "Before we go back to my apartment there's one thing I have to tell you, I'm on my menstrual cycle."

He says, ..."That's ok, I'll follow you in my Honda."A blonde filled her car with gas at a self-service gas station. After she had paid and driven away, she realized that she had left the gas cap on top of her car.

She stopped and looked and, sure enough, it was lost.

Well, she thought for a second and realized that other people must do the same thing from time to time, so maybe it was worth going back to look by the side of the road.  She figured that even if she couldn't find her own gas cap, she might be able to find one someone else lost that would fit her car.

She didn't have to search long when, sure enough, she found a gas cap. She tried it, and it went into place with a satisfying click.

"Great," she thought, "I lost my gas cap, but I found another one that fits. And this one's even better because it locks."A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of drinkin' mother-fuckers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."

The room is quiet and no one takes of the Texan's offer.  One man even leaves.

Thirty minutes later the gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder.

"Is your bet still good?" asks the Irishman.

The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10  pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses, drinking them all back-to-back.

The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.

The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 30 minutes?"

The Irishman replies, "Oh, I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first."Most people assume WWJD is for "What would Jesus do?"  But the initials really stand for "What would Jesus drive?"

One theory is that Jesus would tool around in an old Plymouth because the Bible says "God drove Adam and Eve out of the Garden of Eden in a Fury."

But in Psalm 83, the Almighty clearly owns a Pontiac and a Geo. The passage urges the Lord to "pursue your enemies with your Tempest and terrify them with your Storm."

Perhaps God favors Dodge pickup trucks, because Moses' followers are warned not to go up a mountain "until the Ram's horn sounds a long blast."

Some scholars insist that Jesus drove a Honda but didn't like to talk about it.  As proof, they cite a verse in St. John's gospel where Christ tells the crowd, "For I did  not speak of my own Accord..." 

Meanwhile, Moses rode an old British motorcycle, as evidenced by a Bible passage declaring that "the roar of  Moses' Triumph is heard in the hills." 

Joshua drove a Triumph sports car with a hole in its muffler...
"Joshua's Triumph was heard throughout the land."

And, following the Master's lead, the Apostles car pooled in a Honda... "The Apostles were in one Accord."!!Three guys are in an bar sitting around a log fire with their dogs and get to talkin' about them.
 
First one says, "My dog is called Woodworker. Go Woodworker!" The dog grabs a log from fire and with his teeth and fashions a beautiful figurine.

Next one says, "My dog is called Stoneworker. Go Stoneworker!" The dog drags a rock from the fire front and creates a beautiful carving.

Third one says, "My dog is called Iron Worker." He puts the fire tongs into the fire and gets them red hot.

"Now," he says, "I'll just touch him on the nose and you watch him make a bolt for the door."Timmy was a little five year old boy that his Mom loved very much and, being a worrier, she was concerned about him walking to school when he started Kindergarten. She walked him to school a 
couple of days but when he came home one day, he told his mother that he did not want her walking him to school every day. He wanted to be like the big boys. He protested loudly, so she had an idea of how to handle it.

She asked a neighbor, Mrs. Goodnest, if she would surreptitiously follow her son to school, at a distance behind him that he would not likely notice, but close enough to keep a watch on him. 

Mrs. Goodnest said that since she was up early with her toddler anyway, it would be a good way for them to get some exercise as well so she agreed.

The next school day, Mrs. Goodnest and her little girl, Marcy, set out following behind Timmy as he walked to school with another neighbor boy he knew. She did this for the whole week.

As the boys walked and chatted, kicking stones and twigs, the little friend of Timmy noticed that this same lady was following them as she seemed to do every day all week. Finally, he said to Timmy, "Have you noticed that lady following us all week? Do you know her?"

Timmy nonchalantly replied, "Yeah, I know who she is."

The little friend said, "Well who is she?"

"That's just Shirley Goodnest", Timmy said. 

"Shirley Goodnest!?  Who the heck is she and why is she following us?"

"Well", Timmy explained, "every night my Mom makes me say the 23rd Psalm with my prayers 'cuz she worries about me so much. And in it, the prayer psalm says, 'Shirley Goodnest and Marcy shall follow me all the days of my life', so I guess I'll just have to get used to it."A golfer hits a wicked slice off the tee that ricochets through the trees and into the next fairway narrowly missing another golfer.

When the first golfer gets to his ball he is greeted by his unintended victim who angrily tells him of the near miss.

"I'm sorry, I didn't have time to yell fore," says the first golfer.

"That's funny" replies the second, "you had plenty of time to yell 'SHIT!'"Yo momma's so fat, she has to go on three weight loss systems.Sometimes people with a lot of cents have little sense.Yo Mama so fat that she bent over and got arrested for selling crack.Yo momma's so tall, she did a cartwheel and hit Jesus.Yo mama is so fat she has to get baptized in Sea World.One day God said that he would grant anyone in line a wish. This one guy got stuck at the back of the line, which made him kind of upset.

The people before him went on through the line, and everybody wished that they could be beautiful. The last guy came up to God and said, "I wish that all the people that wished they were beautiful were ugly again."

The next time that you're last in line - be happy.A parish priest was being honored at a dinner on the twenty-fifth anniversary of his arrival in that parish. A leading local politician, who was a member of the congregation, was chosen to make the presentation and to give a little speech at the dinner, but he was delayed in traffic, so the priest decided to say his own few words while they waited.

"You will understand," he said, "the seal of the confessional can never be broken, however I got my first impressions of the parish from the first confession I heard here. I can only hint vaguely about this, but when I came here 25 years ago I thought I had been assigned to a terrible place. The very first chap who entered my confessional told me how he had stolen a television set, and when stopped by the police, had almost murdered the officer! Further, he told me he had embezzled money from his place of business and had an affair with his boss's wife. I was appalled! But as the days went on, I learned that my people were not all like that, and I had, indeed, come to a fine parish full of understanding and loving people."

Just as the priest finished his talk, the politician arrived full of apologies at being late. He immediately began to make the presentation and give his talk.

"I'll never forget the first day our parish priest arrived in this parish," said the politician. "In fact, I had the honour of being the first one to go to him in confession."There was a guy he had to deliver a package to the nearest town which took three days to get there. If he leaves on Friday and arrives on Friday how is that possible? He doesn't stop to rest.

   *His horse's name is Friday.An archaeologist was digging in the Negev Desert in Israel and came upon a casket containing a mummy, a rather rare occurrence in Israel, to say the least. After examining it, he called Abe, the curator of the Israel museum in Jerusalem. 

"I've just discovered a 3,000 year old mummy of a man who died of heart failure!" the excited scientist exclaimed.

Abe replied, "Bring him in. We'll check it out."

A week later, the amazed Abe called the archaeologist. "You were right about both the mummy's age and cause of death. How in the world did you know?"

"Easy. There was a piece of paper in his hand that said, '10,000 Shekels on Goliath'."Sid and Al were sitting in a Chinese restaurant.

"Sid," asked Al, "Are there any Jews in China?"

"I don't know," Sid replied. "Why don't we ask the waiter?"

When the waiter came by, Al said, "Are there any Chinese Jews?"

"I don't know sir, let me ask," the waiter replied and he went into the kitchen.

He quickly returned and said, "No, sir. No Chinese Jews."

"Are you sure?" Al asked.

"I will check again, sir." the waiter replied and went back to the kitchen.

While he was still gone, Sid said, "I cannot believe there are no Jews in China. Our people are scattered everywhere."

When the waiter returned he said, "Sir, no Chinese Jews."

"Are you really sure?" Al asked again. "I cannot believe there are no Chinese Jews."

"Sir, I ask everyone," the waiter replied exasperated. "We have orange jews, prune jews, tomato jews and grape jews, but no one ever hear of Chinese jews!"What do you call a rabbit who tells jokes?

A FUNNY BUNNY!Yo Momma so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has 2 jobs.A guy and a girl meet at a bar. They get along so well that they decide to go to the girl's place. A few drinks later, the guy takes off his shirt and then washes his hands. He then takes of his trousers and washes his hands again. 

The girl has been watching him and says, "You must be a dentist." 

The guy, surprised, says "Yes....how did you figure that out?" 

"Easy," she replied, "you keep washing your hands." 

One thing led to another and they make love. After they were done, the girl says, "You must be a good dentist." 

The guy, now with a boosted ego says, "Sure, I'm a good dentist, How did you figure that out?" 

"Didn't feel a thing!"In biology class the teacher asks, "Can anyone tell me why a flounder is flat?" Little Johnny raises his hand. 

"Go ahead, Little Johnny." 

"My uncle told me it's because a whale raped the flounder." 

"That's terrible, Little Johnny. I'll have to speak to your parents about this. Let's try another one. Why does a lobster's eyes protrude from its head?" 

Again Little Johnny raises his hand. 

"We'll give you another chance." 

"My uncle said when the whale raped the flounder, the lobster saw it, and his eyes popped out in shock."Two elderly Wal-Mart greeters were sitting on a bench during break time and one turns to the other saying, "Slim, I'm 73 years old and I'm just full of aches and pains. I know you're about my age; how do you feel?" 

Slim says, "I feel just like a new born babe." 

Rather amazed at this reply, Slim's co-worker repeats his statement back in the form of a question, "Really? A new born babe?" 

"Yup," grins Slim, "No teeth, no hair and I think I just wet my pants."The Officer says, "I clocked you at 80 mph, sir." 

The driver says, "Gee, officer, I had it on cruise control at 60, perhaps your radar needs calibrating." 

Not looking up from her knitting, the wife says sweetly, "Now don't be silly dear, you know that this car doesn't have cruise control." 

As the officer writes out the ticket, the driver looks over at his wife and growls, "Can't you keep your mouth shut for once?" 

The wife smiles demurely and says, "You should be thankful your radar detector went off when it did." 

As the officer makes out the second ticket for the illegal radar detector unit, the man glowers at his wife and says through clenched teeth, 

"Dammit woman, can't you keep your mouth shut?" 

The officer frowns and says, "And I notice that you're not wearing your seat belt, sir. That's an automatic $75 fine." 

The driver says, "Yeah, well, you see officer, I had it on, but took it off when you pulled me over so that I could get my license out of my back pocket." 

The wife says, "Now dear, you know very well that you didn't have your seat belt on. You never wear your seat belt when you're driving." 

And as the police officer is writing out the third ticket the driver turns to his wife and barks, "WHY DON'T YOU SHUT THE HELL UP?" 

The officer looks over at the woman and asks, "Does your husband always talk to you this way, Ma'am?" 

"Oh, heavens no, officer. Only when he's been drinking".A farmer is sitting in the neighborhood bar getting soused. 

A man comes in and asks the farmer, "Hey, why are you sitting here on this beautiful day getting drunk?" 

Farmer: Some things you just can't explain. 

Man: So what happened that's so horrible? 

Farmer: Well, today I was sitting by my cow milking her. Just as I got the bucket about full, she took her left leg and kicked over the bucket. 

Man: Ok, but that's not so bad. 

Farmer: Some things you just can't explain. 

Man: So what happened then? 

Farmer: I took her left leg and tied it to the post on the left. 

Man: and then? 

Farmer: Well, I sat back down and continued to milk her. Just as I got the bucket about full, she took her right leg and kicked over the bucket. 

Man: Again? 

Farmer: Some things you just can't explain. 

Man: So, what did you do then? 

Farmer: I took her right leg this time and tied it to the post on the right. 

Man: and then? 

Farmer: Well, I sat back down and began milking her again. Just as got the bucket about full, the stupid cow knocked over the bucket with her tail. 

Man: Hmmm... 

Farmer: Some things you just can't explain. 

Man: So, what did you do? 

Farmer: Well, I didn't have any more rope, so I took off my belt and tied her tail to the rafter. In that moment, my pants fell down and my wife walked in.....A farmer purchases an old, run-down, abandoned farm with plans to turn it into a thriving enterprise. The fields are grown over with weeds, the farmhouse is falling apart, and the fences are collapsing all around.

During his first day of work, the town preacher stops by to bless the man's work, saying, "May you and God work together to make this the farm of your dreams!"

A few months later, the preacher stops by again to call on the farmer. Lo and behold, it's like a completely different place -- the farm house is completely rebuilt and in excellent condition, there are plenty of cattle and other livestock happily munching on feed in well-fenced pens, and the fields are filled with crops planted in neat rows. "Amazing!" the preacher says. "Look what God and you have accomplished together!"

"Yes, Reverend," says the farmer, "but remember what the farm was like when God was working it alone!"Q:What do you call a 300-pound stripper?

A:brokeComputer is very common nowadays and most of the people only know what are the computer short cut keys and buttons. This little list would help you when you are in times of need so that you won't go around saying the wrong things:

When you need help:
Dont's: Help!!! SOS!!!
Do's: F1

When you want to leave:
Dont's: cya! bye bye!
Do's: Alt + F4

When you are paying for something:
Dont's: Hand over your 100 dollar bill
Do's: Hand over your pay-pal account and password

When you are asking for an address
Dont's: Can you give me the address please
Do's: Can you give me the url please

When you want to find something:
Dont's: help me find something
Do's: Ctrl + F 

When you are finding the washroom:
Dont's: Wheres the washroom?
Do's: Wheres the delete buttom?

When you need a check up:
Dont's: Doc, i need a full body check up
Do's: Doc, i need a full system scan

When you are sick:
Dont's: Take medicine
Do's: Ctrl+Alt+Delete

When you are asking for the price of a medical bill:
Dont's: How much does the operation cost?
Do's: How much does the changing of the Hard drive and power supply cost?A man has been in business for many, many years and the business is going down the drain. He doesn't know what to do and is seriously contemplating suicide. He goes to the rabbi to seek his advice. He tells the rabbi about all of his problems in the business and asks the rabbi what he should do. The rabbi says, "Take a beach chair and a Bible and put them in your car and drive down to the edge of the ocean. Go to the water's edge. Take the beach chair out of the car, sit on it and take the bible out and open it up. The wind will riffle the pages for a while and eventually the bible will stay open at a particular page. Read the bible and it will tell you what to do."

The man does as he is told. He places a beach chair and a bible in his car and drives down to the beach. He sits on the chair at the water's edge and opens the Bible. The wind riffles the pages of the bible and then stops at a particular page. He looks down at the bible and sees what he has to do.

Three months later the man and his family come back to see the rabbi. The man is wearing a $1,000 Italian suit. The wife is all decked out with a full-length mink coat and the child is dressed in beautiful silk. The man hands the rabbi a thick envelope full of money and tells him that he wants to donate this money to the synagogue in order to thank the rabbi for his wonderful advice. The rabbi is delighted. He recognizes the man and asks him what advice in the bible brought this good fortune to him. The man replies: "Chapter 11."Q. Have you heard of the dyslexic cow who attained enlightenment?

A. It kept on repeating OOOOMMM!Q: Why didn't Cain please God?

A: Because he just wasn't Able.One time there were three guys sitting at a bar. One was stupid, one was pretty smart, and the third was very intelligent. Well, they were sitting at the bar and the pretty smart one says that they should go on a deer hunt. 

"I'll go first," says the smart one. Later the man comes back with a big deer. The two other men ask how he got such a deer. "I just followed some tracks, kept on going, then BAM! I found my self a deer!" says the man. So the pretty smart one goes after that. He comes back later and the two men still at the bar asked how he got the deer. He replies the same way the smart man replied. Next goes the stupid one. About thirty minutes passed and he came back looking beat up. The men at the bar rushed over and started to question him how he got his injuries.

"Well," he says, "I followed some tracks, and I looked up and there was this big light. It came rushing toward me, with steam puffing out. Then, before I knew it... BAM!"A sophisticated lady went into an expensive restaurant. Before sitting, she asked her waiter, "Do you serve crabs here, sir?"

The waiter replied, "Yes ma'am, we serve anybody in here. Please have a seat."Two blondes were sitting enjoying a view of the full moon.

The first blonde says; "I wonder which is further away? The moon or Florida?"

The second blonde replies; "Well, duh! The moon! Can you see Florida?"Two English guys were in the middle of the scorching desert with no food or water. They both decide to stop and have a rest in the sand. Then one guy has a genius idea. 

The guy says, "I support Liverpool football team, so I'll eat the liver of my camel!"

The second guys says, "I support Arsenal football club, but I'm not that hungry!"My survey which I conducted said that 8 out of 4 people don't understand fractions.Knock Knock!
Who's there?
Who!
Who who?
You must have the stammers!Ugly: (adjective) A state of being in which you are constantly in.
Example: YouYo momma so fat, her bungee cord has to be hooked onto Mars.Yo momma so fat, she makes Godzilla look like a pocket dragon.Yo momma so fat, she's the founder of Button Poppers Anonymous.Yo momma is so fat, she has to iron her clothes on the street.There are two fat guys in a bar, one of the guys, puts his empty glass on the bar and says, "your round", the other guy says, "so are you, you fat basted!"A South African, an Australian and an Englishman are all drinking in a bar. Suddenly, the South African downs the remainder of his drink, tosses his glass in the air, draws his pistol and shoots the glass.

"In South Africa our glasses are so cheap that we don't need to drink from the same ones twice," he says proudly.

The Australian, who is obviously impressed by this, downs his drink, tosses his glass, draws his gun and shoots the glass.

"In Australia we've got so much sand to make glasses that we don't need to drink from the same ones twice," he says.

The Englishman pauses to give this some thought, then downs his drink, casually tosses his glass into the air, draws his gun, and shoots the South African and the Australian.

"In England we have so many South Africans and Australians that we don't need to drink with the same ones twice," he says.1.(Of course) Laugh hysterically and for no reason.

2. Pretend you holding something like a small knife and swing at the air as if you are trying to cut something. If someone asks, say you were misinterpreted or deny the whole thing.

3. Wear headphones everywhere you go, leaving the plug dangling out, easily seen, and then stationary knod, as if to a beat. Pretend not to hear anyone unless they touch you to get you attention. Periodically forget to take off headphones when you are touched and act confused when you cannot hear them.

4. Sit in front of a library computer and twitch your eyelid for 20 seconds, the get up and browse the fiction E section. Repeat.

5. Sit in front of a public computer on Windows 95, 98, or 2000. Click the start button. Click it again ... and again. After clicking it for about 10 minutes, declare that you need another computer because your start button is broken. When someone proves it is not broken, say "Black magic!! You all use black magic!! Quicly grab a sheet of paper, draw the apple logo on it, hold it up and shout "CURSED DEMONS OF THE DARK, BEGONE!!!" Then return to your normal affairs as if you never clicked the start button.

6. Carry an egg with you. If anyone says the word egg, or asks about the egg, jump in place and pretend it was never said.

7. Ask a person at a library information desk how to calibrate an OMG to an SOL when the OMG's GD is set up to accept SOBs. Bother the person relentlessly about this question, arguing that the person must have that information, being at the information desk. Complain to the library on the desk worker's inefficiency to answer questions.

8. Go to a games hobby store. Ask them if they have... suddenly forget the name, then remember it has 'Robo or Legend in it's name or something.' Let the fun begin.

9. Go to a Radioshack and relive the mind-messing. When they ask for your name, say 'Toggattoobee,' but spell it with random letters, with 3 or 4 consonants together. When they ask for address, say something along the lines of:

Kshl (pronounced 'eggbattar') Goprktol
98w0Z D. Squidhoarder Gorge
Popsicscarn, 5Y, 45r1+-x3&k

10. Sit on a bench with an R/C toy car remote. Pretend to control people walking by. Make loud engine and tire squealing noises.

11.Tell your friend you are going to do a great magic trick. Give him the three of Diamonds, face up, from the deck. shuffle the deck. guess that your friend has the 96 of Purple. Then guess the S of Mushrooms. Then guess the Prince of Wales. Then ask for his card. Look at it for awhile, then give up and say you didn't like the trick anyway.

12. Buy those bead kits where you make animals, santa claus, etc. Make them. Always carry at least one with you. Whenever you see a certain person, such as a roommate or sibling, whisper nasty gossip to the bead object, but not so loud as so the person can hear. Make sure to eye that person paranoidally.

13.Buy 1 of every nightlight you can find. Say you are starting a collection. After 3 weeks, rip the decorative fronts, covers, or outsides of the nightlights. When someone asks, say you'll get back to him on that, then hastily throw them all away. Deny their existence and all knowledge you have of them.

14. Fill a garbage bag full of leaves. Dump them in a pile on your roommate's bed. Play in it. Comment on the beautiful foliage.

15.Ask someone why they hate you. Pretend you never asked.

16. Right here! All purpose illogical things to say! Use them:

To answer a question
Suddenly for no reason
To interrupt a conversation
And to always, always pretend you never said it. So here we go!

"I got it! Suddenly it is so clear!"
"You know, I always will regret doing that."
"When a Rubik's Cube is broken, and nobody is around to fix it, do I care?"
"Fub!"
"Nuk!"
"Twee!"
"Gan!"
"Fireman Jellyfish."
"What? What? What? What? What? (etc.)"
"I wonder what it's like to be a slice of cheese."
"Yes. I mean no. I mean... Maybe."(best used to answer questions that are NOT yes or no)

17. Use the 'Confused Idiot' method. Say things that might seem in context, but obviously aren't.

18. Buy a computer. Leave it on when you aren't using it. Turn it off when you are.

19.Ask someone why the hell they ate your nachos, even though you ever had any nachos. Explain you will not leave him/her alone until he/she admits it. Follow that person everywhere. Always talk about the nachos. Guarranteed to make them admit or get a restraining order.Your mama's so old, she farted and dust came out.Your mama's so ugly, she stuck her face out the window and cops pulled her over for mooning.Yo Momma is so fat she put on a red coat, walked outside, and everyone started yelling, "Kool-Aid, Kool-Aid"A young doctor had moved out to a small community to replace a doctor who was retiring.

The older gent suggested the young one accompany him on his rounds so the community could become used to a new doctor.

At the first house a woman complained, "I've been a little sick to my stomach."

The older doctor said, "Well, you've probably been
overdoing the fresh fruit. Why not cut back on the amount you've been eating and see if that does the trick?"

As they left the younger man said, "You didn't even examine that woman. How'd you come to your diagnosis so quickly?"

"I didn't have to. You noticed I dropped my stethoscope on the floor in there? When I bent over to pick it up, I noticed a half dozen banana peels in the trash. That was what was probably making her sick."

"Huh," the younger doctor said. "Pretty clever. I think I'll try that at the next house."

Arriving at the next house, they spent several minutes talking with an elderly woman. She complained that she just didn't have the energy she once did. "I'm feeling terribly run down lately."

"You've probably been doing too much work for the church," the younger doctor told her. "Perhaps you should cut back a bit and see if that helps."

As they left, the elder doc said, "Your diagnosis is almost certainly correct, but how did you arrive at it?"

"Well, just like you at the last house, I dropped my stethoscope. When I bent down to retrieve it, I noticed the preacher under the bed."A guy took his girlfriend to the movies. During the pre-views, she asked him if he would go and buy her some M & Ms. 
When he returned with her candy, she opened the bag, picked out all the brown ones and threw them away. 

"What did you do that for?" he asked her. 

"I'm allergic to chocolate!" she replied.Jerry: So you have both a nice mommy and a pretty mommy?

Steve: Yup. They're lesbians.Hey! I recognize you! You're the third one over on the evolutionary scale!Q. Why should you be careful when it's raining cats and dogs?

A. Because you might step in a poodle.If brains were fuel, you wouldn't have enough to power an ant's motorcycle around the edge of a penny.Why didn't the zombie cross the road?




Because he didn't have the guts!Yo momma's so  fat when she stepped on the scale she said, "Wow, that's my phone number!"Yo momma is so fat, when she stepped on a dollar she made change.Yo momma's so fat, she has more rolls than the bakery shop!There were two blondes sitting on the roof of a house. The ladder they had used to get on the roof fell down onto the ground. 
Blonde #1: Go get the ladder!
Blonde #2: No way! If I jump down, I'll kill myself.
Blonde #1: I know! I'll shine my flashlight down to the ground and you can climb down the beam of light.
Blonde #2: No way! You'll just turn off the flashlight when I'm halfway down!Knock knock
Who's there ?
Scold
Scold who ?
Scold out here, let me in!A Mormon acquaintance once pushed Mark Twain into an argument on the issue of polygamy. After long and tedious expositions justifying the practice, the Mormon demanded that Twain cite any passage of scripture expressly forbidding polygamy.

"Nothing easier," Twain replied. "No man can serve two masters."What do you call frozen blonds?
Frosted Flakes!There was an Englishman, an Irishman, and a Scotsman stranded on an island. They see a cave up ahead. 

The Englishman goes in and sees some toast on a rock. He goes over to it but then a voice comes.
"Dont eat the toast," the voice shouts.
The Englishman runs out.

The Scotsman walks in and sees the toast as well, the voice comes back.
"Don't eat the toast." The Scotsman thinks it's his imagination but then he hears it again,
"Don't eat the toast," says the voice,the Scotsman runs out. 

The Irishman wondering what's going on, goes inside. He hears the voice once, thinks nothing of it. He hears the voice again, still he ignores it. He picks up the toast and eats it. The voice shouts,
"I warned you once, I warned you twice, I wiped my arse upon the slice."Noah: "Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head" 
Adam and Eve: "Strangers in Paradise" 
Lazarus: "The Second Time Around" 
Esther: "I Feel Pretty" 
Job: "I've Got a Right to Sing the Blues" 
Moses: "The Wanderer" 
Jezebel: "The Lady is a Tramp"
Samson: "Hair"
Salome: "I Could Have Danced All Night" 
Daniel: "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" 
Esau: "Born To Be Wild" 
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: "Great Balls of Fire!" 
The Three Kings: "When You Wish Upon a Star" 
Jonah: "Got a Whale of a Tale" 
Elijah: "Up, Up, and Away" 
Methuselah: "Stayin' Alive" 
Nebuchadnezzar: "Crazy"A preacher finished the service one morning by saying, "Next Sunday, I am going to preach on the subject of liars. As a preparation for my sermon, I would like you all to read Mark 17."

On the following Sunday, the preacher rose to begin. Looking out at the congregation he said, "Last week I asked you all to read Mark 17. If you have read the chapter, please raise your hand."

Nearly every hand in the congregation went up. Smiling, the preacher said, "You are the very people I want to talk to. Mark has only 16 chapters."A tour bus driver drives with a bus full of seniors down a highway, when he is tapped on his shoulder by a little old lady. She offers him a handful of peanuts, which he gratefully munches up.

After approx.15 minutes, she taps him on his shoulder again and she hands  him another handful of peanuts. She repeats this gesture about eight times.

At the ninth time he asks the little old lady why they do not eat the peanuts themselves, whereupon she replies that it is not possible because of their old teeth, they are not able to chew them. 

"Why do you buy them then?" he asks puzzled. The old lady answers, "We just love the chocolate around them!"A Sunday School teacher decided to have her young class memorize one of the most quoted passages in the Bible: Psalm 23. She gave the youngsters a month to learn the verse. 

Little Bobby was excited about the task, but he just couldn't remember the Psalm. After much practice, he could barely get past the first line. 

On the day that the kids were scheduled to recite Psalm 23 in front of the congregation, Bobby was so nervous. When it was his turn, he stepped up to the microphone and said proudly, "The Lord is my shepherd and that's all I need to know."A Sunday school teacher said to her children, "We have been learning how powerful kings and queens were in Bible times. But, there is a higher power. Can anybody tell me what it is?" 

One child blurted out, "Aces!"A Sunday school teacher asked, "Johnny, do you think Noah did a lot of fishing when he was on the Ark?" 

"No," replied Johnny. "How could he, with just two worms?"The Sunday School teacher was describing how Lot's wife looked back and turned into a pillar of salt, when little Johnny interrupted, 

"My Mummy looked back once, while she was DRIVING," he announced triumphantly, "and she turned into a telephone pole!"From a San Diego Father who has identified 35 truths he learned from his children: 

There is no such thing as childproofing your house. 
If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades, they can ignite. 
A 4-year-old's voice is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant. 
If you hook a dog leash over a ceiling fan, the motor is not strong enough to rotate a 42-pound boy wearing pound puppy underwear and a Superman cape. 
It is strong enough, however, to spread paint on all four walls of a 20x20' room. 
Baseballs make marks on ceilings. 
When using the ceiling fan as a bat, you have to throw the ball up several times before you get a hit. 
You should not throw baseballs up when the ceiling fan is on. 
A ceiling fan can hit a baseball a long ways. 
The glass in windows (even double pane) doesn't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan. 
When you hear the toilet flush and the words "uh-oh", it is already too late. 
Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke--lots of it. 
A 6 year-old boy can start a fire with a flint rock even though a 
man says it can only be done in the movies. 
A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day. 
If you use a waterbed as a home plate while wearing baseball shoes, it does not leak. It explodes. 
A king-size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2,000 sq ft house almost 4 inches deep. 
Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a 4-year-old. 
Duplos will not. 
Play-Doh and microwave ovens should never be used in the same sentence. 
Super Glue is forever. 
MacGyver can teach us many things we don't want to know. 
So can Tarzan. 
No matter how much Jell-O you put in the pool, you still can't walk on water. 
Pool filters do not like Jell-O. 
VCRs do not eject PB&J sandwiches, even though TV commercials show they do. 
Garbage bags do not make good parachutes. 
Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise when driving. 
You probably don't want to know what that odor is. 
Always look in the oven before you turn it on. 
Plastic toys do not like ovens. 
The fire department in San Diego has at least a 5-minute response. 
The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earthworms dizzy. 
It will, however, make cats dizzy. 
Cats throw up twice their body weight when dizzy. 
A good sense of humor will get you through most problems in life.A blonde rings up an airline. She asks, "How long are your flights from America to England?" 
The woman on the other end of the phone says, "Just a minute..." 

The blonde says, "Thanks!" and hangs up the phone.Yo momma so dumb she thought a quarterback was a refund!Feeling edgy, a woman took a hot bath. Just as she got comfortable, the doorbell rang. She got out, wrapped herself in a towel, and went to the door.

A salesman wanted to know if she needed any brushes. She slammed the door in his face and returned to her bath.

The doorbell rang again. She got out, wrapped herself in a towel, slipped on a wet spot, and hit her back against the tub.

She struggled into her street clothes and, with every move a stab of pain, drove to the doctor.

After examining her, the doctor said, "Nothing's broken. But you need to relax. Why don't you just go home and take a nice hot bath?"You Just Might Be A Redneck If...

You've been married three times and still have the same in-laws. 
Jack Daniels makes your list of "Most Admired People." 
You wonder how service stations keep their restrooms so clean.
Anyone in your family ever died right after saying, "Hey, y'all watch this!"
You've got more than one brother named 'Darryl.'
You think that Dom Perignon is a Mafia leader. 
Your wife's hairdo was once ruined by a ceiling fan.
Your Junior/Senior Prom had a Daycare.
You think the last words to The Star Spangled Banner are, "Gentlemen, start your engines."
The bluebook value of your truck goes up and down, depending on how much gas it has in it. 
One of your kids was born on a pool table. 
You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos. 
You can't get married to your sweetheart 'cause there's a law against it.
You dated one of your parents' current spouse in high school. 
You think loading the dishwasher means getting your wife drunk. 
Your school fight song is "Dueling Banjos." 
Your toilet paper has page numbers on it.THINK YOU'RE HAVING A BAD DAY.... check it out these actual cases.

Fire authorities in California found a corpse in a burned-out section of forest while assessing the damage done by a forest fire. The deceased male was dressed in a full wet suit, complete with scuba tanks on his back, flippers, and face mask.

A postmortem test revealed that the man died not from burns, but from massive internal injuries. Dental records provided a positive identification. Investigators then set about to determine how a fully clothed diver ended up in the middle of a forest fire.

It was revealed that on the day of the fire, the man went diving off the coast, some 20 miles from the forest. The fire fighters, seeking to control the fire as quickly as possible, had called in a fleet of helicopters with very large dip buckets. Water was dipped from the ocean and emptied at the site of the forest fire.

You guessed it. One minute our diver was making like Flipper in the Pacific, the next, he was doing the breast stroke in a fire dip bucket 300 feet in the air. Some days it just doesn't pay to get out of bed.
___________________________________________

Still think you're having a bad day?

A man was working on his motorcycle on the patio, his wife nearby in the kitchen. While racing the engine, the motorcycle accidentally slipped into gear. The man, still holding onto the handlebars, was dragged along as it burst through the glass patio doors.

His wife, hearing the crash, ran in the room to find her husband cut and bleeding, the motorcycle, and the shattered patio door. She called for an ambulance and, because the house sat on a fairly large hill, went down the several flights of stairs to meet the paramedics and escort them to her husband.

While the attendants were loading her husband, the wife managed to right the motorcycle and push it outside. She also quickly blotted up the spilled gasoline with some paper towels and tossed them into the toilet.

After being treated and released, the man returned home, looked at the shattered patio door and the damage done to his motorcycle. He went into the bathroom and consoled himself with a cigarette while attending to his business. About to stand, he flipped the butt between his legs.

The wife, who was in the kitchen, heard a loud explosion and her husband screaming. Finding him lying on the bathroom floor with his trousers blown away and burns on his buttocks, legs and groin, she
once again phoned for an ambulance. The same paramedic crew was dispatched.

As the paramedics carried the man down the stairs to the ambulance they asked the wife how he had come to burn himself. She told them.
They started laughing so hard, one slipped, the stretcher and dumping the husband out. He fell down the remaining stairs, breaking his arm.
______________________________________________
Still having a bad day? Just remember, it could be worse...

The average cost of rehabilitating a seal after the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska was $80,000. At a special ceremony, two of the most expensively saved animals were being released back into the wild amid cheers and applause from onlookers. A minute later, in full view, a killer whale ate them both.
_____________________________________________
Still think you are having a bad day?

A woman came home to find her husband in the kitchen shaking frantically, almost in a dancing frenzy, with some kind of wire running from his waist towards the electric kettle. Intending to jolt him away from the deadly current, she whacked him with a handy
plank of wood, breaking his arm in two places. Up to that moment, he had been happily listening to his Walkman.
_______________________________________________
STILL think you're having a bad day?

Two animal rights protesters were protesting at the cruelty of sending pigs to a slaughterhouse in Bonn, Germany. Suddenly, all two thousand pigs broke loose and escaped through a broken fence, stampeding madly The two hopeless protesters were trampled to death.
____________________________________________

What?! STILL having a bad day??

Iraqi terrorist Khay Rahnajet didn't pay enough postage on a letter bomb. It came back with "return to sender" stamped on it. Forgetting it was the bomb, he opened it and was blown to bits. There now, feeling better?I  was looking at this parked, motorized wheelchair once, and I noticed that it had a dial on it to control it's speed.  At one end there was a turtle, and at the other end there was a rabbit.  I just assumed at first that the turtle was representing the slower speed, and that the rabbit was for the faster speed, but then I remembered who won when those two animals raced.
I think that it would be cool if cars used this same system too.  You know, you get pulled over by a police officer and he says to you "Excuse me sir, but do you realize that you were speeding?  We had you clocked  on our radar at going 'Rabbit' and I'm sure that you know the posted speed limit here is only 'Raccoon'.  Now we'll just let you off with a warning this time since you were only going a 'hare' over the speed limit.""Uh huh," "sure, honey," or "yes, dear"
Translated: Absolutely nothing. It's a conditioned response.

"It would take too long to explain"
Translated: "I have no idea how it works."

"I was listening to you. It's just that I have things on my mind."
Translated: "That girl standing on the corner is a real babe."

"Take a break honey, you're working too hard."
Translated: "I can't hear the game over the vacuum cleaner."

"That's interesting, dear."
Translated: "Are you still talking?"

"I can't find it."
Translated: "It didn't fall into my outstretched hands, so I'm completely clueless."

"What did I do this time?"
Translated: "What did you catch me at?"

"You look terrific."
Translated: "Oh, please don't try on one more outfit, I'm starving."

"I'm not lost. I know exactly where we are."
Translated: "No one will ever see us alive again."Why is it so hard to make a blond snowman???

Because you have to hollow out its head!!!!!Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.A handsome mid-age couple, John and Gail,  like living in Texas. Even though they have lived in Texas most of their married life John never
had a pair of authentic cowboy boots. Seeing some on sale at Sheplers one day, he buys them, wears them home, walking proudly. He walks into the house and says to his wife: "Notice anything different about me?"
 
Gail looks him over, "Nope."
 
Frustrated John storms off in to the bathroom, undresses, and walks back into the room completely naked except for the boots. Again, he asks, a little louder this time, "Notice anything DIFFERENT NOW?"
Gail looks up and says, "John, what's different? It's hanging down today it was hanging down yesterday, it'll be hanging down again
tomorrow.
 
Furious, John yells, "AND DO YOU KNOW WHY IT IS HANGING DOWN, GAIL? IT'S HANGING DOWN BECAUSE IT'S LOOKING AT MY NEW BOOTS!!!!!"
 
To which Gail replies, "Shoulda bought a hat, John. Shoulda bought a hat."Once upon a time, long, long ago there was a season when neither the Browns nor the Steelers made the post season playoffs. It seemed so unusual that the management of both teams got together and decided that there should be some sort of competition between the two teams, because of their great rivalry. So, they decided on a week long ice fishing competition.  The team that catches the most fish at the end of the week wins. 

So on a cold freezing day on Lake Erie they began their contest. 

The first day after 8 hours of fishing the Browns had caught 0 fish and the Steelers had 100. At the end of the 2nd day the Browns had caught 0 fish and the Steelers 200. 

That evening the Browns coach got his team together and said, "I suspect some kind of cheating is taking place."  So the next morning, he dressed one of his players in black and yellow and sent him over to the Steelers camp to act as a spy. At the end of the day he came back to report to the coach.  The coach asked, "Well, how about it, are they cheating?" 

"They sure are!" the player reported, "They're cutting holes in the ice."1. The garbage collector is not stealing our stuff.
2. I do not need to suddenly stand straight up when I'm lying under the coffee table.
3. I will not roll my toys behind the fridge, behind the sofa or under the bed.
4. I must shake the rainwater out of my fur before entering the house.
5. I will not eat the cat's food, before they eat it or after they throw it up.
6. I will stop trying to find the few remaining pieces of clean carpet in the house when I am about to get sick.
7. I will not throw up in the car.
8. I will not roll on dead seagulls, fish, crabs, etc. just because I like the way they smell.
9. "Kitty box crunchies" , although they are tasty, are not food.
10 I will not eat any more Kleenex or napkins and then redeposit thim in the backyard after processing.
11. The diaper pail is not a cookie jar.
12. I will not chew my human's toothbrush and not tell them!
13. I will not chew crayons or pens, especially not the red ones, or my people will think I am hemorrhaging.
14. When in the car, I will not insist on having the window rolled down when it's raining outside.
15. We do not have a doorbell, I will not bark each time I hear one on TV.
16. I will not steal my mom's underwear and dance all over the backyard with them.
17. The sofa is not a face towel.  Neither are mom & dad's laps.
18. My head does not belong in the refrigerator.
19. I will not bite the officer's hand when he reaches for mom's driver's license and car registration.
20.I will not play tug-of-war with dad's underwear when he's on the toilet.
21. I will not eat mint flavored dental floss out of the bathroom garbage and walk around with a string hanging out of my butt.
22. I will not use "roll around in the dirt" as an option after just getting a bath.
23. Sticking my nose into someone's crotch is not an acceptable way of saying hello.
24. I will not hump on any person's leg just because I thought it was the right thing to do.
25. I will not fart in my owners face while sleeping on the pillow next to their head.
26. I will not come in from outside and immediately drag my butt across the carpet.
27. The toilet bowl is not a never ending water supply and just because the water is blue, it doesn't mean it is cleaner.
28. I will not sit in the middle of the living room and lick my crotch when company is over.
29. Suddenly turning around and smelling my butt can quickly clear a room.
30. The cat is not a squeaky toy, so when I play with her and she makes that noise, it's usually not a good thing.Last year I replaced all the windows in my house with those expensive double-pane energy efficient kind. But this week I got a call from the contractor complaining that his work had been completed a whole year ago and I had yet to pay for them. 
Boy oh boy, did we go around!

Just because I'm blonde doesn't mean that I am automatically stupid. So, I proceeded to tell him just what his fast-talking sales guy had told me last year... that in one year the windows would pay for themselves.

There was silence on the other end of the line so I just hung up and I haven't heard back.

Guess I must have won that silly argument!A mugger approached a very well-dressed and dignified lawyer on a deserted street one night:

"Gimme your wallet and the keys to your car!"

The lawyer shook his head and said in a patronizing tone: "Do you have ANY idea what it's like to walk in my shoes or wear my clothes? I have more responsibility than you could imagine. I have a family and a firm with a hundred employees. I am in charge of it all! Look at these clothes! Do you know what I have to earn to WEAR a $3,000 suit like this? Look at this fifty dollar necktie! And these cufflinks! Now try to imagine what it is like to walk in these thousand dollar shoes! If you DID know, you would not mug me!"

The mugger looked at the pinstriped suit, the silk tie, the white shirt and the polished black business shoes worn by the lawyer.

He started to cry.

"I...I'm sorry!" he said. You're right!!"

And he lowered the gun.

"I don't want your wallet anymore or your car!"

"Now that's a sensible decision, my good man!" said the lawyer.

"NO! NO!" said the mugger. "I changed my mind! You convinced me! I have to UNDERSTAND! Now take off your clothes and hand them over!" And he pointed the gun at the lawyer.


The stunned lawyer begged and pleaded, but the mugger just pointed the gun. The lawyer finally was forced to take off his polished shoes and his socks, and then his business suit, shirt, cufflinks, suspenders and tie. Finally he had stripped naked and the mugger put on the lawyer's clothes. 

The mugger looked surprised. 

"Ya know? I still don't get it! I'll take your car and your wallet, too!"This man goes to confession and says, "Forgive me father, for I have sinned." The priest asks if he would like to confess his sins, and the man replies that he used the "F-word" over the weekend.

The priest says, "Oh, okay, just say three Hail Marys and try to watch your language."

The man replies that he would like to confess as to why he said the "F-word". The priest sighs and tells him to continue.

"Well, father, I played golf on Sunday with my buddies instead of going to church."

The priest says, "And you got upset over that, and swore?" 

The man replied, "No, that wasn't why I swore. On the first tee I duck-hooked my drive well left into the trees."

The priest said, "And that's when you swore." 

The man replied, a little testily because of the constant interruptions, "No, it wasn't. When I walked up the fairway, I noticed my ball got a lucky bounce and I had a clear shot to the green. However, before I could hit the ball, a squirrel ran by and grabbed my ball and scurried up a tree." 

The priest asked, "Is that when you said the 'F-word'?" 

The man replied, "No, because an eagle then flew by and caught the squirrel in its sharp talons and flew away." 

The priest let out a breath and queried, "Is that when you swore?"

The man replied, "No, because the eagle flew over the green and the dying squirrel let go of my golf ball and it landed within 5 inches of the hole." 

The priest screamed, "Don't tell me you missed the fucking putt!"Three men die and go to hell. There is a white guy, a Polish guy, and a black guy. The devil makes a deal with the three men. He tells them if they can stand on his hand for 10 days without melting he will give them their lives back. So the three men agree to the deal and stand on his hand. After only 2 days the white guy melts and after the 4th day the Polish guy melts also. The devil thinks this is going to be a piece of cake. "Two down and one to go", he tells the black man. But after 10 days the black man is still standing strong. The devil asks him how this is possible and the man replies, "Chocolate melts in your mouth not in your hand."What do you call a black person that wants to be and acts just like Jackie Chan? Blackie ChanA blonde walked into the pet store and, after looking up and down the aisles, asked the sales clerk for help.
"I'd like a box of birdseed," said the lady.
"For which kind of bird?" he asked helpfully.
"Oh, I dunno," she replied. "Whichever will grow the fastest."A blonde pulls over at the gas station, gets out of her car, opens the hood, and checks the engine oil. After a few seconds of intelligent thinking, she takes the dipstick in her hand and, raising her chest high, walks up to the attendant.
"Excuse me sir, but can I buy a longer dipstick?"
"May I ask why you need a longer one ma'am?"
"Because this one isn't long enough to reach the oil!"While shopping at the grocery store, I noticed that the tuna packed in spring water was labeled dolphin safe, but the tuna packed in oil was not.
I mentioned this fact to the blonde cashier and mused out loud, "I wonder why?"
The blonde replied, "Must be because the oil would suffocate them."A proud elderly gentleman was in the hospital for a series of tests because his bodily functions were extremely disrupted.

During the night he made several trips to the bathroom because he thought he had to go to the bathroom. After failing to go several times he finally decided to just ignore it.

When he awoke  later in the night he found his bed full of diarrhea. Being too proud to admit he just relieved himself in his own bed he carefully took the sheets and tossed them out the window.

However, while this was going on, a drunk was stumbling home in the darkness. Before he can figure out what's happening, the soiled sheets come down on him. He kicks and punches the sheets trying to get them off of him. A security guard runs up and asks what the heck is going on.

The drunk replies, "I don't know what happened, but I think I just beat the crap out of a ghost."A man was riding in a cab one day when he decided to tap the cab driver on the shoulder to request an alternate route.

The cab driver screams his head off and loses control of the cab, causing it to slam into a lightpost.

After checking themselves out the man says, "I'm sorry. I didn't know you were so jumpy."

To which the cab driver replies, "It's not your fault. Today is my first day as a cab driver after driving a hearse for 10 years."Dear _______________,
      I really like you.  I was wondering if you would like to go out with me.  Please check one of the boxes below:

___ Yes

___ No

___ No, I already have a girlfriend, sorry

___ Yes, if you don't tell my girlfriend

___ No, I am already fathering a child

___ No, I'm gay

Love, 
______________



*written by clueless_chic*You know what would have happened if there had been three wise WOMEN instead of three wise MEN, don't you?

The three wise WOMEN would have asked for directions, arrived on time, helped deliver the Baby, cleaned the stable, made a casserole, and given practical gifts.There were 3 ants in a house. They all had to decide where they wanted to sleep. One ant decides to sleep in the cabinet, one in the cookie jar, and one in the toilet.

The next morning they all woke up and meet on the stove top to ask each other how their sleep was. The one who slept in the cabinet said his was hot. The one who slept in the cookie jar said his was sweet! The one that slept in the toilet said that " First it got dark, then it rained, a big gust of wind came, and if it wasn't for that big log.....I would have drowned!!!"The Russians were called "Reds," a long while ago. 

So a war general named Rudolf walks into a bakery. The baker starts talking about owning a reindeer. He starts asking questions about it to the general. When the baker gets home, he tells his wife, "Rudolf the Red knows reindeer!"Why did the teacher have to put on her glasses during class?
Because the kids were to bright!Why don't crabs share?
Because there shelfish!What is the name of the baseball player who sits under a tree?

Babe Root!A friend of mine spent two hours in the salon getting her hair colored, cut, and blow dried. After all that, was it too much to ask to be treated like Cinderella at the ball? Yet when she went to the desk to pay, the receptionist said to her, "Hello, madam, who is your appointment with today?"How many roaches does it take to screw in a lightbulb?




You'll never know because when you turn on the light, they scatter!Knock-Knock.
Who's there?
Sara.
Sara who?
Sara doctor in the house?!There are four elephants in a Volkswagon. How do you know when one went into your refrigerator?

Answer: There is a set of footprints in the butter!

How do you know when there were two elephants in the fridge?

Answer: There are two sets of footprints in the butter!

How do you know when there were three elephants in your fridge?

Answer: you have three sets of footprints in the butter!

How do you know when four elephants were in your fridge?

Answer: You have an empty Volkswagon!A man walked into a bar... and it hurt!Two blondes were going on a hike, and came to a fork in the road. A sign was in the center that said "Bear left." One of the blondes said,"I'm happy that was taken care of, now we finally are able to take the upper trail," so they proceeded left.A College football team was on a winning streak, until they found out that their star QB was failing English. The QB couldn't play until he brought his grade up to a C. The other players on the team were desperate for him to play in the championship, so they asked his English professor for extra credit. He agreed and called in the QB. The professor said: "I will give you a simple spelling test and if you pass, I will raise your grade. In fact if you get one word right, I will raise the grade." So the QB takes the test and gets every single word wrong. He begged the professor for one more chance. The professor agreed and told him that if he could get one letter in the word that was given to him right, he would have a C in English. The word was coffee. The football player responded, "This is easy, kauphy!"Why is Michael Jackson dating twenty-eight year olds? 

The answer is:
Because there's twenty of them!
(twenty eight year olds....)What is Tarzan's favorite Christmas song?

Jungle Bells!What does the turtle do in the Olympics?
The hurdle run!Five days before Christmas, Santa was having a horrible day.  And by horrible, I mean his wife was sick with the flu, 23 elfs called in sick, and nothing was getting done, so they were really behind schedule.  

*Knock-Knock,* Santa heard, so he went to go open the door.  There was an Angel carrying a christmas tree.  "Where would you like me to put this?" asked the angel. 

And that is why the Angel is put on top of the Christmas tree.How many Michael Jacksons does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Answer: One, but 500 children to hold the ladder!Why did the elephant call the locksmith? Because he lost his keys in his trunk!How do turtles talk to each other?
Shellphones!How do you get a mouse to smile?
Say Cheese!Which is faster, hot or cold?

Hot, because you can catch a cold!What did the cop say to the bad popcicle?
Freeze!Why couldn't G-Unit take the bus?
They only had 50 cent!What is a vampire's favorite holiday?
Fangs-giving!Sven and Ole are visiting a relative in Texas. While walking along the street, they see a sign on a store front which reads:

Suits $5.00 each
Shirts $2.00 each
Trousers $2.50 per pair

Sven says to his pal, "Hey Ole! We could buy a whole lot of dem and ven ve get back to Minnesota, ve could sell them and make a fortune."

"Now ven ve go into the shop, yust let me do all da talkin' cause if dey hear your Minnesota accent dey might tink ve are dumb Norwegians and try ta raise da price - but I can speak with a perfect Texas drawl."

They go in, and Sven drawls out an order of 50 suits at $5.00 each, 100 shirts at $2.00 each and 50 pair of trousers at $2.50 each.

The owner of the shop says "You're Norwegians from Minnesota, aren't you?"

"Uff da!" says a surprised Sven. "How'd you know dat?"

The owner says, "Because this is a dry-cleaners."One Monday morning, a mailman was walking through the neighborhood on his usual route. As he approached one of the homes, Bob, a homeowner, was coming out with a load of empty beer and liquor bottles. 

"Wow, Bob, looks like you guys had a hell of a party this weekend," the mailman commented. 

Bob replied, "We had about 15 couples from around the neighborhood over and things got a bit wild. We got so drunk that we started playing 'Who Am I?'" 

"How do you play that?" the mailman asked.

Bob continued, "Well, all the guys go in the bedroom and we come out one at a time with a sheet covering us, with only our units showing through a hole in the sheet. Then the women try to guess who it is." 

The mailman laughed and said, "I'm sorry I missed that." 

"Probably a good thing you did," Bob responded, "Your name was guessed four or five times."Q: Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet?

A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills.What did the cat say to the other cat on the phone?

Can you hear me-ow?Wee Hughie came into the office an hour late for the third time in one week and found the boss waiting for him. "What's the story this time, Hughie?" he asked sarcastically. "Let's hear a good excuse for a change."

Wee Hughie sighed, "Everything went wrong this morning. The wife decided to drive me to the harbour. She got ready in ten minutes, but then the ferry didn't turn up. 

Rather than let you down, I swam across the river, ran over the mountain, borrowed a bicycle and cycled the 20 miles through the glen to this office."

"You'll have to do better than that. Hughie," said his boss, disappointed. "No woman can be ready in ten minutes."It was the day after Christmas at a church in San Francisco. Pastor Mike was looking at the nativity scene outside when he noticed the baby Jesus was missing from the figures.

Immediately, Pastor Mike turned towards the church to call the police. But as he was about to do so, he saw little Jimmy with a red wagon, and in the wagon was the figure of the little infant, Jesus.

Pastor Mike walked up to Jimmy and said, "Well, Jimmy, where did you get the little infant?" 

Jimmy replied, "I got him from the church."

"And why did you take him?"

With a sheepish smile, Jimmy said, "Well, about a week before Christmas I prayed to little Lord Jesus. I told him if he would bring me a red wagon for Christmas, I would give him a ride around the block in it."Which sea will make you go ape?

The Chimpansea.If you invited all the alphabet to tea who would be late?

The letters 'UVWXYZ' because they all come after 'T'.What do you call an alien with no ears?

Anything you like, he can't hear you.What do you call a horse that escaped from jail?

A Zebra.What is a cat's favourite exercise?

Puss-Ups!What do you get when you cross a fish and a grizzly?

A Bearacuda.Why do psychics ask so many questions when they supposedly already know the answers?Everyone has a photographic memory, you just don't have any film.All believers in telekinesis raise my hand!I couldn't fix your brakes, so instead I made your horn louder.Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?A blonde and a brunette are in an elevator when a good-looking man enters. They notice that, though he is very handsome, he has very bad dandruff. He gets off at his floor, and when the doors close, the brunette looks at the blond and says, "Someone needs to give him some Head and Shoulders". The blonde replies, "How do you give someone shoulders?"If your brain was chocolate it wouldn't fill an M&MWear tank tops and support your right to bare arms.Strategic responses to the ever-dangerous "Do I look Fat" question:

"No, not to Stevie Wonder."

"No babe, you're not fat, you're fluffy."

"Does this tie make me look stupid?"

"No hablo ingles."

"If I answer that question, my life will be in danger."

"Let me jog around to your front and take a look."

"No, honey. But just to be safe, steer clear of one-legged sea captains."

"May I consult a lawyer before answering that?"

"Look at your belt size honey, if it says 'equator' on the tag you know the answer."A Texan is drinking in a New York bar when he gets a call on his cell phone. He hangs up, grinning from ear to ear, and orders a round of drinks for everybody in the bar because, he announces, his wife has just produced a typical Texas baby boy weighing 25 pounds. Nobody can believe that any new baby can weigh in at 25 pounds, but the Texan just shrugs, "That's about average down home, folks...like I said, my boy's a typical Texas baby boy."

Congratulations showered him from all around, and many exclamations of "WOW"! were heard. One woman actually fainted due to sympathy pains.

Two weeks later he returns to the bar. The bartender says, "Say, you're the father of that typical Texas baby that weighed 25 pounds at birth, aren't you? Everybody's been making' bets about how big he'd be in two weeks. We were gonna call you; so how much does he weigh now?"

The proud father answers, "Seventeen pounds."

The bartender is puzzled, and concerned. "What happened? He already weighed 25 pounds the day he was born."

The Texas father takes a slow swig from his long-neck Lone Star beer, wipes his lips on his shirt sleeve, leans into the bartender and proudly says, "Had him circumcised".What do Micheal Jackson and a PS2 have in common?

They're both plastic, can be black or white and can be turned on by children.Knock-Knock.
Who's there?
Avon Lady, your door bell is broken.There were three girls and a genie on a mountain. There was a redhead, a brunette and a blonde. The only one who knew how to get off the mountain was the genie, but she offered the girls a wish to turn into birds and fly off.

"I want to be a blue jay so I can showoff my blue color in the sun." the redhead said to the genie. POOF!  The bluejay landed off the mountain safely. 

"I want to be a cardinal so I can go visit my friends in St. Louis." the brunette said. POOF! The cardinal landed safely off the mountain, too.

Then the blonde shouted "I want to be cuter than a bluejay and a cardinal! I want to be a penguin!"Yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!Yo mama so fat people jog around her instead of the block, for a LONGER run!1st SLAP 


"Our ship has just lost 82% of its power, our captain's head fused with plexiglass and we have an eleven minute window to escape certain death. Let's go to bed together." 


2nd SLAP 


"The evil bad guy, who has demonstrated Superman-like strength, has just killed two of our crew. Let's split up and walk aimlessly through the ship looking for him." 


3rd SLAP 


"I just found an unknown, odd, bizarrely pulsating alien object. I'm gonna open it up and stick my hand in it to see what happens." 


4th SLAP 


"We just picked you up from an abandoned moon in deep space and you can read my mind, which no other human being has ever been able to do. Neat. Let's go to bed." 


5th SLAP 


"We are a medical rescue ship with a crew of six with only six 'jump pods' so if we ever actually rescued anyone, we wouldn't be able to actually bring them home." 


SLAP!!!!!!!!!!!A young man wanted to get his beautiful blonde wife, Susie, a cell phone for their first anniversary.

Susie was excited about the phone and the next day, while shopping, it rang and to her surprise, it was her husband.

"Hi, Susie," he said. "How do you like your new phone?"

Susie replied, "I just love it! It's so small and your voice is clear as a bell, but there's one thing I don't understand ..."

"What's that, sweetie?" asked her husband.

"How did you know I was at Wal-Mart?"Sign posted at a golf club in Scottsdale, Arizona 
 
 
 
1. Back straight, knees bent, feet shoulder width apart.
 
2. Form a loose grip. 
 
3. Keep your head down.
 
4. Avoid a quick back swing.
 
5. Stay out of the water. 
 
6. Try not to hit anyone.
 
7. If you are taking too long, please let others go ahead of you.
 
8. Don't stand directly in front of others.
 
9. Quiet please...while others are preparing to go.
 
10. Don't take extra strokes. 
 
 
 
Well done - Now flush the urinal, go outside, and tee off.An Irish man walks out of a bar..............Hey, It could happenOne day in heaven, George Bush saw Moses & walked up to him.  When he tried to say hi Moses ran off.  The next day George Bush saw Moses again.  He then tried to say hi, but he sped off again.  The next day when George Bush saw Moses he asked him.

 " How come every time i try to say hi to you, you run off?"

Moses replied," Last time I saw a bush, I was stuck in the desert for 40 years."I hear some rich guy wants to build a tavern at the top of Mount Everest. Talk about raising the bar high!For a couple years I've been blaming it on lack of sleep, not enough sunshine, too much pressure from my job, earwax build-up, poor blood or anything else I could think of. But now I found out the real reason: I'm tired because I'm overworked.

Here's why: The population of this country is 273 million.

140 million are retired. That leaves 133 million to do the work.

There are 85 million in school. Which leaves 48 million to do the work.

Of this there are 29 million employed by the federal government. Leaving 19 million to do the work.

2.8 million are in the armed forces preoccupied with killing Saddam Hussein. Which leaves 16.2 million to do the work.

Take from the total the 14,800,000 people who work for state and city governments. And that leaves 1.4 million to do the work.

At any given time there are 188,000 people in hospitals. Leaving 1,212,000 to do the work.

Now, there are 1,211,998 people in prisons. That leaves just two people to do the work. You and me. 

And there you are sitting on your butt, at your computer, reading jokes. Nice, real nice.THINGS YOU'D LOVE TO SAY OUT LOUD AT WORK

 
1. I can see your point, but I still think you are full of shit.

2. I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.

3. How about never? Is NEVER good for you?

4. I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.

5. I'm really easy to get along with once you people learn to see it my way.

6. I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.

7. I'm out of my mind, but feel free to leave a message.

8. I don't work here, I'm a consultant.

9. It sounds like English, but I can't understand a word you're saying.

10. Ahhh....I see the screw-you fairy has visited us again.

11. I have plenty of talent and vision; I just don't give a damn.

12. I'm already visualizing the duct-tape over your mouth.

13. Thank you. We're challenged by your unique point of view.

14. Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.

15. What am I? Flypaper for freaks?

16. I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.

17. And your cry-baby whiny-assed opinion would be...?

18. Do I look like a people person?

19. This isn't an office, it's HELL with fluorescent lighting.

20. Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.

21. If I throw a stick, will you leave?

22. Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.

23. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.

24. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.

25. Can I trade this job for what's behind door #1?

26. Too many freaks, not enough circuses.

27. Chaos, panic and disorder...my work here is done.

28. Who lit the fuse on your tampon? 

29. Oh I get it...like humour...but different.A teacher noticed that a little boy at the back of the class was squirming around, scratching his crotch, and not paying attention. She went back to find out what was going on. He was quite embarrassed, and
whispered that he had just recently been circumcised and he was quite itchy. The teacher told him to go down to the principal's office. He was to telephone his mother and ask her what he should do about it. 

He did as he was told and returned to his class.
Suddenly, there was a commotion at the back of the room. She went back to investigate, only to find him sitting at his desk, with his penis hanging out. "I thought I told you to call your mom!" she said. 
"I did," he said, "And she told me that if I could stick it out till noon, she'd come and pick me up from school."
       
 KIDS, DON'T YOU JUST LOVE THEM???During an hour's swimming at a municipal pool you will ingest 1/12 liter of urine.

In an average day your hands will have come into indirect contact with 15 penises (touching door handles, etc.)
Remote controls in hotels are the worst! (Always carry your Lysol spray!)

An average person's yearly fast food intake will contain 12 pubic hairs.

In a year you will have swallowed 14 insects -- while you slept!

Annually you will shake hands with 6 women who have recently masturbated and failed to wash their hands.

Annually you will shake hands with 11 men who have recently masturbated and failed to wash their hands.

In a lifetime 22 nosey workmen doing work in your home, will have examined the contents of your dirty laundry basket. We won't even go into guests
snooping in your medicine cabinet.

At an average wedding reception you have a 1/100 chance of getting a cold sore from one of the guests. Mouth herpes.

Daily you will breathe in 1 liter of other peoples' anal gases.

YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY!A local business was looking for office help and put up a sign saying: "HELP WANTED. Must be able to type, must be good with a computer and must be bilingual. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer."

A short time afterwards, a golden retriever dog trotted up to the window, saw the sign and went inside. He looked at the receptionist and wagged his tail, then walked over to the sign, looked at it and whined. Getting the idea, the receptionist got the office manager. The office manager looked at the dog and was surprised, to say the least. However, the dog looked determined, so he led him into the office. Inside, the dog jumped up on the chair and stared at the manager.

The manager said, "I can't hire you. The sign says you have to be able to type."

The dog jumped down, went to the typewriter and proceeded to type out a perfect letter. He took out the page and trotted over to the manager and gave it to him, then jumped back on the chair.

The manager was stunned, but then told the dog, "The sign says you have to be good with a computer."

The dog jumped down again and went to the computer. The dog proceeded to demonstrate his expertise with various programs and produced a sample spreadsheet and database and presented them to the manager. By this time the manager was totally dumbfounded! He looked at the dog and said, "I realize that you are a very intelligent dog and have some interesting abilities. However, I still can't give you the job."

The dog jumped down and went to a copy of the sign and put his paw on the part about being an Equal Opportunity Employer.

The manager said, "Yes, but the sign also says that you have to be bilingual."

The dog looked at him and said, "Meow."Cows

Is it just me, or does anyone else find it amazing that our government can track a cow born in Canada almost three years ago, right to the stall where she sleeps in the state of Washington, and they can track her calves to their stalls.

But they are unable to locate 11 million illegal aliens wandering around our country. Maybe we should give them all a cow.They keep talking about drafting a Constitution for Iraq. 
Why don't we just give them ours? It was written by a lot of really smart guys, it's worked for over 200 years and we're not using it anymore.The real reason that we can't have the Ten Commandments in a Courthouse: 
You cannot post "Thou Shalt Not Steal," "Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery" and "Thou Shall Not Lie" in a building full of lawyers, judges and politicians.
 It creates a hostile work environment!1. George Washington isn't the first president. He was the first elected president. 
2. Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lightning than women. 
3. It is estimated that millions of trees in the world are accidently planted by squirrels who bury nuts and forget where they hid them. 
4. Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a novel,"Gadsby", which contains over 50,000 words--none of them with the letter "E". 
5. Of all the words in the English laguage, the word "set" has the most definitions. 
6. A toothpick is the object most often choked on by Americans. 
7. Every 45 seconds, a house catches on fire in the United States. 
8. The sun is 330,330 times larger than the Earth. 
9. A mole can dig 300 feet in just one night. 
10. Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone. 
11. A hippo can open it's mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside. 
12. A quarter has 119 grooves on it's edge, a dime has one less groove. 
13. A humming bird weighs less than a penny. 
14. Until 1796 there was a state in the United States called Franklin. Today it is known as Tennessee. 
15. The earth weighs 6,588,000,000,000,000,000.000.000 tons. 
16. A cockroach can live several weeks with it's head cut off. 
17. The most used letter in the English alphabet is "E", and "Q" is used the least. 
18. There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year. 
19. The original name for the "butterfly" is "Flutterby". 
20. Dogs and cats, like humans, are either right or left handed...or is that paws. ? 
21. The opposite side of cubed dice always add up to seven. 
22. Nose prints are used to identify dogs, just like humans use fingerprints. 
23. Bulls are color blind, therefore will usually charge at a matadore's waving cape no matter what color it is --be it red or bright yellow. 
24. Apples are more efficent than caffine in keeping people awake in the mornings.how many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

2, but I don't know how they got in there!A little guy is seated next to a big guy at a bar and asks his name.

The big guy says, "They call me Tex."

The little guy replies, "Oh, you must be from Texas."

The big guy says, "Nope. I'm from Louisiana."

"Hmmm," the little guy replies, "Then why do they call you Tex?"

The big guy looks down at him and says, "Would you like to try calling me Louise?"1.Keep your lights blinking for a whole hour.
2.Go really slow on a highway.
3.Smile and wave at everyone that you see at a stoplight.
4.Turn your radio up while playing opera music.
5.When stopping at a stop sign run out of your car and look to see if any cars are coming then yell, "It's all clear!"
6.When coming to a speed bump, get out and say "My car won't make it!" then try to push it over the bump.
7.At every stoplight, run out and check your tires and yell, "Don't worry it's OK!"
8.Take a sponge and a bucket of water and pull over to wash the bugs off the car every time you see one.
9.Fill the back seats with plastic bags, put the windows down, and drive around really fast.
10.Change your licence plate every you stop and yell, "They're after me! Anybody got a screwdriver?"1. Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.

2. Make yourself at home! Clean my kitchen.

3. A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.

4. Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after.

5. Do I look like a freakin' people person?

6. This isn't an office. It's Hell with fluorescent lighting.

7. I started out with nothing & still have most of it left.

8. I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.

9. If I throw a stick, will you leave?

10. You! Off my planet!

11. I like cats, too. Let's exchange recipes.

12. Ambivalent? Well, yes and no.

13. Did the aliens forget to remove your anal probe?

14. Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.

15. Suburbia: where they tear out the trees & then name streets after them.

16. Do they ever shut up on your planet?

17. I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.

18. Are those your eyeballs? I found them in my cleavage.

19. I'm not your type. I'm not inflatable.

20. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.

21. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.

22. Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.

23. Don't worry. I forgot your name, too!

24. Adults are just kids who owe money.

25. You say I'm a bitch like it's a bad thing.

26. Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?

27. Too many freaks, not enough circuses.

28. Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.

29. If I want to hear the pitter patter of little feet, I'll put shoes on my cat.

30. You look like shit. Is that the style now?

31. Earth is full. Go home.

32. Is it time for your medication or mine?

33. Does this condom make me look fat?

34. I plead contemporary insanity.

35. And which dwarf are you?

36. I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.

37. How do I set a laser printer to stun?

38. Meandering to a different drummer.

39. I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.

40. I majored in liberal arts. Will that be for here or to go?You're so fat, the last time you went on a bus, the ticket read ''Please allow up to 28 days for delivery.''Your cooking is so bad, the homeless give it back!The temporary Sunday School teacher was struggling to open a combination lock on the supply cabinet. She had been told the combination, but couldn't quite remember it. 

She went to the pastor's study and asked for help. The pastor came into the room and began to turn the dial. 

After the first two numbers he paused and stared blankly for a moment.

Finally he looked serenely heavenward and his lips moved silently. 

Then he looked back at the lock, and quickly turned to the final number, and opened the lock. 

The teacher was amazed. "I'm in awe at your faith, pastor," she said. 

"It's really nothing," he answered. "The number is on a piece of tape on the ceiling."What's the blonde cheer?
I'm blonde, I'm blonde,I'm B.L.O.N.....uh,oh well...I'm blonde, I'm blonde,I'm... yeah, yeah,yeah...What did the blond name his pet zebra?

Spot!Q: How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: "What's a lightbulb?"What's the difference between pokemon and pokewomon?

poke ballsYo mommas so old that when she was in school they didn't have history.What starts with the letter F and ends in UCK?


FiretrUCKWhy can't Osama sleep with any of his 5 wives?

Because all he sees is bush.Knock-Knock

Who's there

Jack

Jack Who

I don't know any jack5 boys are walking by a "haunted" house"
One of the five boys said, "I bet I could go in there for more than five minutes."
A couple minutes later, he comes out screaming "GHOST!"
The second boy decides to try to go in for more than ten minutes.
He comes out screaming after four minutes, "HE WASN'T LYING! GHOST!"
The third and fourth boy go in together and try to stay in for more than an hour. They come out screaming the same thing.
The last boy walks and says he can stay in there a whole day.
Once he walked in, the other boys heard him say, "Hi Grandma."Why did the lightbulb fail his test?









He wasnt bright enough!What does a cow do for entertainment?

Listen to moo-sic.Jack wakes up at home with a huge hangover he can't believe. He forces himself to open his eyes, and the first thing he sees is a couple of aspirins next to a glass of water on the side table. And, next to them, a single red rose! Jack sits down and sees his clothing in front of him, all clean and pressed. Jack looks around the room and sees that it is in perfect order, spotlessly clean. So is the rest of the house.

He takes the aspirins, cringes when he sees a huge black eye staring back at him in the bathroom mirror, and notices a note on the table: "Honey, breakfast is on the stove, I left early to go shopping - Love you!" He stumbles to the kitchen and sure enough, there is hot breakfast and the morning newspaper. His son is also at the table, eating. Jack asks, "Son...what happened last night?"

"Well, you came home after 3 a.m., drunk and out of your mind. You broke some furniture, puked in the hallway, and got that black eye when you ran into the door."

"So, why is everything in such perfect order, so clean, I have a rose, and breakfast is on the table waiting for me?"

His son replies, "Oh, THAT!... Mom dragged you to the bedroom, and when she tried to take your pants off, you screamed, 'Leave me alone, lady, I'm married!'"

 Broken furniture - $85.26
 Hot Breakfast - $4.20
 Red Rose bud - $3.00
 Two Aspirins - $0.38
 Saying the right thing, at the right time........Priceless.Have you been guilty of looking at others your own age and thinking, "Surely I can't look that old"? Well, here is some karma for that. I was sitting in the waiting room for my first appointment with a new dentist.  I noticed his DDS diploma, which bore his full name.  Suddenly, I remembered a tall, handsome, dark-haired boy with the same name had been in my high school class some 40-odd years ago. Upon seeing him, however, I quickly discarded any such thought.  This balding, gray-haired man with the deeply lined face was WAY too old to have been my classmate. After he examined my teeth, I asked him if he had attended Lawton Senior High School. 
"Yes. Yes, I did.  I'm a Wolverine." he gleamed with pride. 
"When did you graduate?" I asked. 
He answered, "In 1961.  Why do you ask?" 
"You were in my class!" I exclaimed. 
He looked at me closely. Then, that ugly, old, wrinkled son-of-a-b*tch asked, "What did you teach?"Yo mamma is such a redneck, when I look at her family tree, it goes straight up.What do you call a flying skunk?


A smell-icopterYo momma is so fat, she sat on a gamecube and made it into a gameboy advance.Yo mamma is so fat, she sat down in Wal-mart and lowered the prices.What do you get when you cross an elephant with Darth Vador?

An elevatorYou know your a redneck when there are 15 cars in your driveway, and the only one that moves is your house.Yo momma is so poor, I asked her what was for dinner and she put her foot on the table and said "CORN!"Yo momma is so fat when she sees a school bus go by, she says "STOP THAT TWINKY!!"You know you're a redneck when you go to a family reunion to find a girlfriend.You know you're a redneck when you mow your lawn and find 10 cars.Yo mamma is so fat, she jumped up and got stuck in the sky.Yo momma is so stupid she threw butter out the window to see a butterfly.If your uncle Jack was stuck on a roof, would you help your uncle Jack off?I went into my proctologist's office for my first rectal exam. His new nurse, Elaine, took me to an examining room and told me to get undressed and have a seat until the doctor could see me. She said that he would only be a few minutes. 

After putting on the gown that she gave me I sat down. While waiting I observed that there were three items on a stand next to the exam table: a tube of K-Y jelly, a rubber glove, and a beer. 

When the doctor finally came in I said, "Look Doc, I'm a little confused. This is my first exam. I know what the K-Y is for, and I know what the glove is for, but can you tell me what the BEER is for?" At that Doctor Paul became noticeably outraged and stormed over to the door. He flung the door open and yelled to his nurse....... 

"Darn it ELAINE!!!!!!!!!!! I said a BUTT LIGHT"Have you ever wondered why A, B, C, D, DD, E, F, G, and how the letters are used to define bra sizes?

If you have wondered why, but couldn't figure out what the letters stood for, it is about time you became informed!

{A} Almost Boobs . . .
{B} Barely there.
{C} Can't Complain!
{D} Dang!
{DD} Double dang!
{E} Enormous!
{F} Fake.
{G} Get a Reduction.
{H} Help me, I've fallen and I can't get up.Q: What do you call a schizophrenic Buddhist?

A: Someone who is at two with the universe.Knock knock

Who's there?

Mayonaise

Mayonaise who?

Mayonaise a lot of jokes on this website.What is the difference between a drunk and a druggie? Drunks run a stop sign and druggies stop at it and wait till it turns green.Shannon received a phone call from the foreman plant that her husband worked at. He sounded grim and she immediately knew something was wrong.

"What happened? Is Patrick all right? Please tell me he's ok," she said.

The man on the line said, "Shannon, there was an accident at the brewery and your husband is . . . dead."

"Oh my goodness, what happened?" Shannon asked.

The foreman replied, "He fell into a vat of beer."

"Did he at least die quickly?" sobbed Shannon.

The man paused, then said, "Well, no . . . he got out three times to use the bathroom."While fishing off the Florida coast, a tourist capsized his boat. He knew how to swim, but his fear of alligators kept him clinging to the overturned craft. Spotting an old beachcomber standing on the shore, the tourist shouted, "Are there any alligators around here?"

The beachcomber shouted back, "Nah! We ain't seen gators in these parts for years."

Feeling safe, the tourist began swimming leisurely towards the shore. About halfway there, he shouted, "Hey, how'd you get rid of the alligators?"

The beachcomber said, "We didn't do anything. The sharks got 'em."Q: What did baby corn say to mama corn?

A: Where's pop corn?You're so stupid you got locked in an open convertibale car.Yo momma is so fat. She has more ass than a donkey farm.Yo momma so dumb she took back the donut because it had a hole in it!How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb? 
I don't know. They can't get the dead one out.Some items have the strangest directions/ warnings. Here are a few I've noticed.

On a toilet plunger: Do not use as an umbrella.

On a carton of milk: May contain dairy products.

On a tricycle: Will hurt if on top of someone.

On popcorn: Will pop if heated.

On candy: Directions: Take of wrapper, insert into mouth, chew, and swallow. (No, really?)

On bean bags used for juggling: Do not eat.

On lunchmeat: Do not mistake as toilet paper.

On Gameboy: To play,you must have a thumb.

After computer error: Keyboard malfunction, press enter to continue.

On coke bottle: Do not try to insert head.

On skateboard: May move if rode on.

On shampoo bottle: Warning: May create a lather.

Roadsign: Warning: Unfinished bridge 3 miles.
*3 miles later* We told you there was an unfinished bridge!Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a bucket of shit ?

A: The bucket.A dog is a man's best friend because it gives no advice, never tries to borrow money, and has no in-laws.With so much turmoil in the world, God decided to pay a visit to earth to check things out. He strolled into a bar and approached the first man he saw. "If you believe in me enough to give me $50," he said, "I will grant you eternal life." 

"Sorry, I'm an atheist," the fellow replied, "and have never believed in God."

God walked up to another man and made the same offer. "Well, I'm an agnostic and not really sure if I believe in you or not," the guy said, "but here's 50 bucks, just in case." 

As the Lord turned away, a third man ran up to him. "I'm Pat Robertson and don't really care if you're God or not," he said excitedly. "Just teach me the trick you did with the agnostic and I'll give you $100."You're so ugly that you scared away a man-eating shark!A collector of rare books ran into an acquaintance who told him he had just thrown away an old bible that he found in a dusty, old box. He happened to mention that Guten-somebody-or-other had printed it.

"Not Gutenberg?" gasped the collector.

"Yes, that was it!"

"You idiot! You've thrown away one of the first books ever printed. A copy recently sold at an auction for half a million dollars!" 

"Oh, I don't think this book would have been worth anything close to that much," replied the man. "It was scribbled all over in the margins by some guy named Martin Luther."Yo Momma so fat, you can see her from space.Knock-Knock
Who's there?
Orange
Orange who
Orange you tired of hearing the same stupid jokes about oranges?There was a woman who came home from work.  She had a very long day and just wanted to relax. Just as she was about to sit down, the phone rang.

"Hello?" she said as she picked it up.
"Are you married?" the voice said.
"Who is this?" she asked.
No answer. She hung up the phone.

Just as she was about to sit down again, the phone rang. 

"Hello?" she said, picking up the phone again.
"Do you have children?" the voice said.
"Who the crap is this?" she said
No answer. She hung up the phone.


Just as she was about to sit down AGAIN, the phone rang AGAIN. 

"HELLO?!?!?!" she yelled,  "Now this is it, if you don't tell me who you are, I am going to call the police!"
"Ma'am you seem frustrated, why don't you do yourself a favor and join GEICO Insurance where we strive to make your life easier."A Chinese guy was trying to exchange yen for dollars and asked the teller,

"Why it change, yestoday I get two hunat dollar fo yen - today Iget a Hunat eighty?"

The teller says - "Fluctuations!"

The Chinese guy says "Fluc you white guys too"Once upon a time, in the middle of the ocean, there was the Island of Trid.

It seems that most of the Island of Trid was covered by a large mountain. On this mountain lived a Giant. The Giant did not allow Trids on his mountain. If a Trid dared to climb onto the mountain, the Giant would kick him into the ocean. Trids are notoriously bad swimmers, and frequently drowned when kicked into the ocean.

The Trids were a very sexual people, and the population had grown quite large. Every square inch of the island, except the mountain, was crowded with Trids.

The Trids spent their days crowded together, dreaming of the open space available on the ever visible mountain. Every few days, a Trid would decide he couldn't stand the crowds any more. He would start to climb the mountain, and the Giant would kick the Trid into the ocean.

The Trids were a very depressed people.

One day a traveling Rabbi visited the Island of Trid. Despite their overcrowded conditions, the Trids were extremely generous to this man of God.

The Rabbi decided to return the favor, and to go plead the Trid's case to the Giant. "Surely the Giant can be convinced to share some of the mountain with you," the Rabbi explained.

The Trids were horrified. "Please don't go, Rabbi", the Trids implored. "The Giant will kick you into the ocean, and you will surely drown."

The Rabbi was stubborn, and insisted that he talk to the Giant. The Trids sent out every boat they had. They formed a ring around the island, so that they would be able to rescue the Rabbi.

The Rabbi started walking towards the mountain. No sign of the Giant.

He walked through the foothills, and there was no sign of the Giant.

He started up the slopes of the mountain, further than any Trid had ever been. Still no sign of the Giant.

Finally he reached the summit of the mountain. There the Giant was waiting for him. The Rabbi asked "Tell me Giant, why have you allowed me to climb to the top of the mountain, without kicking me off the moment I started climbing?"

And the Giant replied, "Silly Rabbi, kicks are for Trids!"A man walks up to the bar with an ostrich behind him, and as he sits, the bartender asks for their order.

The man says, "I'll have a beer" and turns to the ostrich. "What's yours?" "I'll have a beer too" says the ostrich.
The bartender pours the beer and says "That will be $3.40 please," and the man reaches into his pocket and pays with the exact change for payment.

The next day, the man and the ostrich come again, and the man says "I'll have a beer," and the ostrich says "I'll have the same." Once again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.

This became a routine until late one evening, the two enter again. "The usual?" asks the bartender."Well, it's close to last call, so I'll have a large Scotch" says the man. "Same for me" says the ostrich. "That will be $7.20" says the bartender. Once again the man pulls exact change out of his pocket and places it on the bar.

The bartender can't hold back his curiosity any longer. "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change out of your pocket every time?"

"Well," says the man, "several years ago I was cleaning the attic and I found this old lamp. When I rubbed it a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever needed to pay for anything, I just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money will be there."

"That's brilliant!" says the bartender. "Most people would wish for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!""That's right! Whether it's a gallon of milk, or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there," says the man.

"That's fantastic!" says the bartender. "You are a genius! ... Oh, one other thing sir, what's with the ostrich?"

The man replies, "Oh, my second wish was for a chick with long legs."An airline captain was breaking in a very pretty new blonde stewardess. The route they were flying had a stay-over in another city, so upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight.

The next morning as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened to her. She answered the phone, sobbing, and said she couldn't get out of her room.

"You can't get out of your room?" the captaind asked, "Why not?"

The stewardess replied, "There are only three doors in here," she cried, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says "Do Not Disturb"!!+ You dance and it makes the band skip.

+ You are diagnosed with the flesh eating virus, and the doctor gives you 22 more years to live. 

+ You go to the zoo and the elephants throw you peanuts.

+ Your driver's license says, "Picture continued on other side."

+ You learn you were born with a silver shovel in your mouth.

+ You could sell shade.

+ Your blood type is Ragu.

+ You need an appointment to attend an 'open house'.How many lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. They like to keep their clients in the dark!You're so slow that if you were a train engine, the caboose would be leading.Why did the pencil cross the road? It was lead!There are these kids at school, each bragging about how they ruined something in an amount of time.

1st kid: I wore out a pair of shoes in 1 month.

2nd kid: I wore out a pair of jeans in 1 week.

3rd kid: Oh that's nothing, I wore out my babysitter in 5 minutes!Teacher: Can you pay a little  attention to this lesson?!

Pupil: I am trying my best to pay as little attention as I can!!I went into a restaurant that served 'breakfast at any time'. So, I asked for French Toast in the time of the RenaissanceDid you hear about all the Wal-Marts being taken out of Afghanistan?

Yeah thet're putting in Targets!A teacher asks a first grader a simple math question.
TEACHER:" If you had 50 cents in one pocket, and you asked you dad for another 50 cents, how much would you have?"
STUDENT:"50 cents."
TEACHER: "You obviously don't know how to add."
STUDENT: "You obviously don't know my dad!"Q: Why are frogs so happy?
A: They eat whatever bugs them!Q: How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: Depends on how many lightbulbs need changing.Say the word pig before each word.

Pigs
About
Talking
Idiot
This
Got
I
Long
How
Look

Now say the word pig after each word

Pigs
About
Talking
Idiot
This
Got
I
Long
How
Look

Next say the word pig before and after each word

Pigs
About
Talking
Idiot
This
Got
I
Long
How
Look

Finally read the list of words from the bottom up.

Pigs
About
Talking
Idiot
This
Got
I
Long
How
Look

Have a Great day :)Q:What happens when two frogs collide?
A: They get tongue tied

Q: How does a frog feel when he has a broken leg?
A: Unhoppy

Q: What happens when you mix a frog with a bathtub scrubby-mit?
A: A rubbit

Q: Why did the frog read Sherlock Holmes?
A: He liked a good croak and dagger

Q: What happened to the frog's car when his parking permit expired?
A: It got toadWhy do blondes wear big hoop earrings when they go on a date? 
So they have some place to put their feet.Your breath is so bad, you need a tic-tac the size of a watermelon!One mistake my mom made when I was three: she taught me how to read the word napkin.

The second mistake she made: I asked her why "napkins" were under the sink. She said they were for "special occasions"

The third mistake she made: My mom asked me to set the table for the special occasion tonight. So I went to the bathroom and got the "napkins" for special ocassions, and set them on the table. When I got done, my dad came in and burst out in laughter, along with my uncle and aunt as they walked in. When my mom came in, her face turned bright red.There once was a women who bought a new house but didn't know what to name it. So she stuck her head out the window and heard Hairy Butt! So she decided to name the house Hairy Butt. Then sometime later she had a baby boy but didn't know what to name it, so she stuck her head out the window and heard the word Crack, so she named her son Crack. The next day she lost her son so she called the police and said "Help! I looked all over my Hairy Butt but I can't find my little Crack.Yo Mama is so fat, when you were born, you came out singin' "It's a small world after all."Q: What did the chicken say after it crossed the road?
A: "Why is everyone always talking about me?"Q: Why did the rooster cross the road?
A: To prove he wasn't chicken.

Q: Why did the pencil cross the road?
A: It was lead.Yo momma is so fat and hairy, that if she dyed her hair green, people would use her for golf practice.There was a couple. One day the husband went to work, as usual. All of a sudden a man in a truck appeared at the front door. The husband, frightened, hid behind a tree. The man exchanged a few words with the wife and left. The husband decided to get rid of that man once and for all.
The next day, the husband went to work. But this time, he carried a shotgun with him. The man in the truck came again, the husband shot the man. Then the wife came out and cried," You idiot! That man was filling in for my boyfriend!"Child: Mom! I got a 100% on my homework!

Mom: Really? On what subject?

Child: A 40% on science and a 60% on spelling.Yo Momma is so dumb she can't get the ball to touch the ground.How to break up a dating couple:

Knock-knock.
Who's there?
Orange.
Orange who?
Orange you glad I dumped your girlfriend last night?At a party, a man came up to a stranger and asked "Have you heard the latest Bush joke?"
The man replies, "I am Bush."
The man said, "Oh. I'll tell it slowly."President Bush was visiting a classroom where a teacher was giving a lesson on blood circulation. Trying to make the lesson clearer, he said, "Now, children, if I stood on my head, the blood, as you know, would run to my face."

"Yes, sir," one of the girls said.

"Then why is it," he continued, "that while I am standing upright the blood doesn't run to my feet?"

"Because your feet aren't empty," replied a boy in the back of the room.As governor, Bush got to act ceremonially as a state trooper for a day. While operating a speed trap, Bush pulled over a farmer. He lectured the farmer about his speed and the necessity of obeying laws made by his superiors, and in general threw his weight around. Finally, he got around to writing the ticket, and as he was doing so he kept swatting at some flies that kept buzzing around his head.

The farmer said, "Having some trouble with those circle flies there, are ya, sir?"

Bush stopped writing the ticket and said, "Well, yeah, if that's what they are. I never heard of circle flies."

So the farmer said, "Well, circle flies are common on farms. See, they're called circle flies because they're almost always found circling around the back end of horses."

Bush said, "Oh," and went back to writing the ticket. After a minute, he stopped and slowly said, "Hey... wait a minute, are you trying to call me a horse's ass?"

The farmer said, "Oh, no, governor, I have too much respect for you to even think about calling you a horse's ass."
Grinning broadly, Bush says, "Well, that's a good thing," and goes back to writing the ticket.

After a long pause, the farmer says, "Hard to fool them flies, though."You're so stupid, you threw a rock at the ground and missed.President Bush looks up from his desk in the Oval Office to see one of his aides nervously approaching him. 
"What is it now?" sighs the president. 
"It's this abortion bill," replies the aide. "What do you want to do about it?" 
"Go ahead and pay it," says the president.A teacher in California asked her class, "How many of you are Republicans?"

Everyone in the class raised their hands except for one girl.  "Mary," the teacher inquired, "Why didn't you raise your hand?"

"Because I'm not a Republican," she replied.  "I'm a Democrat."

The teacher asked her, "Why are you a Democrat?"

And Mary said, "Well, my mother and my father are both Democrats, so I'm a Democrat, too."

"Well," said the teacher in an annoyed tone, "That's no reason why you have to be a Democrat.  You don't always have to be like your parents.  What if your parents were both criminals?"

"Then," Mary said, "We'd be Republicans."George Bush senior and junior were dragging the deer they had just shot back to their truck. Another hunter approached, pulling his along, too.

"Sirs, I don't want to tell you how to do something," he said, "but I can tell you that it's much easier if you drag the deer the other way, then the antlers won't drag on the ground."

After the other hunter left, they decided to try it. A little while later, George junior said to George senior, "You know, that guy was right. This is a lot easier!"

"Yeah," said George senior, "but we're getting farther from the truck."Did you fall out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on your way down?Did you eat a bowl of stupid for breakfast this morning?A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer, who was also a blonde.

The cop asked to see the blonde's driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.

"What does it look like?" she finally asked.

The policewoman replied, "It's square and it has your picture on it."

The driver finally found a square mirror, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman.

"Here it is," she said.

The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop."Yo Momma stinks so bad she has to use Right Guard and Left Guard!Mom: Why did you get a grade so low?

Junior: Because of absence.

Mom: Who, You?

Junior: No, the kid who sits right next to me.Teacher: Larry, name two pronouns.

Larry: Who, Me?

Teacher: That answer is correct.Why is Mississippi River unusual?


Because it has four eyes and can't see!Where did they sign the Declaration of Independence?


At the bottom.Teacher: Alvin, how many letters are in the alphabet?

Alvin: 18.

Teacher: Wrong, there are 26.

Alvin: No, teacher, there used to be 26, but ET went home in a UFO and the CIA went after him.Teacher: Name an animal that lives in the tundra.

Pupil:A reindeer.

Teacher: Good, now name another one.

Pupil: Another reindeer."Teacher, I can't do this problem!"
     "Any five year old can do that problem."
"Damn! No wonder I can't do it! I'm almost ten!"Atlas is the biggest thief in history, because he held up the whole world.Knock-knock.
Who's there?
Terra.
Terra who?
Terra reason you won't let me in?What do you get when every car in the nation is pink?

Answer: a pink carnation (the flower)There once was a priest, a bishop, and the Pope. They were all at the park and they saw a deep pond. The Pope told the bishop and the priest, "I bet I can walk on water". So he goes to the pond and, amazingly, he walks on water and gets to the other side. Then the bishop tells the priest, "I bet I can walk on water". So the bishop goes to the pond and, amazingly, he walks on water and gets to the other side. The priest is so surprised by all this he decides to give it a shot, so he goes to the pond and he steps on the water but he falls in and gets drenched. On the other side, the Pope is telling the bishop, "Do you think we should've told him about the stepping stones in the pond?"There were three Chinese men who were new to America. They went inside a telephone booth to make a call and they dialed the operator. The operator said i dont understand you, please call back when you know some english. So they were looking around and they heard someone say, "I did it! I did it!" So the first Chinese man learned those words. Then the second Chinese man heard someone say, "For 50 cents, 50 cents." so he learned those words. Then the third man heard someone say, "Im first. Im first." so the last Chinese guy learned those words. Then right in front of them was a body that was murdered. A cop came and took them to court. So when they went to court the judge asked, "Who did it?" The first chinese guy said,"I did it! i did it!" Then the judge asked, "Why?" and the second chinese said, "For 50 cents, 50 cents." Then the judge said, "You know you guys are going to be electrocuted. The last Chinese guy said, "I'm first I'm first."Two blondes decide to go duck hunting.  Neither one has ever been before, but they decide to go anyway.  They take a couple of guns and a hunting dog and head out into the woods.  A few hours later, they still haven't caught anything.

"I don't get it," says the first blonde. "Why haven't we caught anything yet?"

The second blonde says,"I keep telling you, I just don't think we're throwing the dog high enough."Have you heard about the new blonde paint?  It's not too bright but it spreads real easy.A man and his wife were making their first doctor visit, the wife being pregnant with their first child.

After everything checked out, the doctor took a small stamp and stamped the wife's stomach with indelible ink.

The couple was curious about what the stamp read, so when they got home, the husband got out his magnifying glass to try to see what it was.

In very tiny letters, the stamp said, "When you can read this, come back and see me."A little boy goes to his father one day and says, "Daddy, what is politics?"

"Well," his father replied, "let me try to explain it to you this way. Let's say that you're the people.  I'm the breadwinner of the family so we'll call me the economy.  Your mother is in charge so we'll call her government.  Your nanny will be the working class, and your baby brother is the future.  Now go think about that and see if you can understand."

The boy thinks about it but doesn't really get it so he goes to bed.  He wakes up in the middle of the night and hears his baby brother crying.  He goes to check on his brother and sees that he has soiled himself but doesn't know how to change a diaper.  He goes to his parents' room to wake them up, but only his mother is there, snoring loudly.  He goes to the nanny's room instead and finds the door locked.  When he looks through the keyhole, he sees his father in bed with the nanny.  Frustrated, he just goes back to bed.

In the morning, the boy goes to his father and says, "I think I understand politics now."

"Good," says the father. "Let's see what you've come up with."

"Well," says the boy, "While the economy is screwing the working class, the government is fast asleep, the people are being ignored, and the future is in deep shit."What do you call a horny fish?

A blowfishTeacher: Jimmy! Count from one all the way to ten!

Jimmy: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10.

Teacher: Good, now what comes after that?

Jimmy:Jack, queen and king!What is 4-2?
two.

What is 8-6?
two.

Who wrote Tom Sawyer?
Twain

Now say the answers altogether.
Two two Twain.

Have a nice twip!Child: "Teacher! I can't find my boots!"

Teacher: "Are you sure?"

Child: "Yes! There is only one pair left, and it's not mine!"

Teacher:"Are you sure?"

Child:" Definitely! Mine had snow on them!"A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead all go to a bar.  

The redhead walks up to the bartender and says,"I'll have a BL." So the bartender gives her a Bud Light.

The brunette walks up next and says,"I'll have an ML." So the bartender gives her a Miller Light.

The blonde is catchingon so she goes up to the bartender and says,"I'll have a 15." 

The bartender thinks about it, looks around, and says,"Ok, you stumped me. What's a 15?"

The blonde goes,"Duh! 7 and 7."The following event actually happened to a famous basketball coach.
 
        "When I first got a job as La Salle University's basketball coach, the phone rang and my wife told me it was Sports Illustrated. I cut myself shaving and fell down the steps in my rush to get the phone.
When I got there, a voice on the other end said, 'For just 75 cents an issue...'"Why don't skeletons ever play music at church?

Because they don't have any organs!What did the statue say to the other after a break-up and make-up?

I'm sorry I took you for granite. (granted)

hahahahaWhy does Hershey's chocolate taste so good? 

Because they are made by women! (Her-She)

hahahahaA golf ball is a golf ball, no matter how you putt it.Child: Mommy, why am I so skinny?

Mommy: Don't worry about it, dear.  When your father was born, he only weighed four pounds.

Child: Really?  Did he live?My uncle is very superstitious.  He won't work any week that has a Friday in it.yo momma so fat she played pool with the planets!One day, Harry and Sarah were having a petty argument.

After shouting back and forth, Sarah finally says, "Let's make a deal. To end this argument, you admit that I am right and I will admit that I am wrong."

Harry thought for a moment, agreed, and asked her to go first.

Sarah replied, "I'm sorry Harry, I am wrong."

In response, Harry shouts happily, "You're right!"Once upon a time, there was a small family, with a little boy named Harry. They had just moved into a new home. It was tall, creaky, and just the place you would expect to be haunted. But, Harry did not believe in ghosts, or mummies, or witches or any of that stuff. 
 One day, his parents had to go to the store. They said,"Harry, if you need anything, just call us, or your neighbors." He replied,"I'll be fine." So they left, and Harry was alone. He went to his room, and started to read  a book. But, he was interrupted by a little *raprap*. He went downstairs to see if someone was knocking on the door. There was no one there. He heard it again! *raprap* He went back to his room. He heard it again!!! *raprap* He went to the attic stairs door. This time, it was louder!!!! *RAPRAP* He opened the door. *RAPRAPRAP* it got louder and faster as he climbed the stairs. *RAPRAPRAPRAP* He opened the attic door, slowly and carefully, and he saw....




a box filled to the brim...


with......











wrapping paper!Earth Worm: Oh, I wish that darn evil Mister Barney hadn't chopped my brother into two sections!
Other Earth Worm: Why?
Earth Worm: Because, now I have two half brothers!Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a herd of buffalo?

A: The lawyer charges more.Melvin checked out a book from the library because the title read "How to Hug".
It turned out to be volume 7 of the encyclopedia.Q: What happened then?
A: He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify me."
Q: Did he kill you?

Lawyer: Were you alone or by yourself?

Lawyer: Were you present in court this morning when you were sworn in?

Lawyer: Was that the same nose you broke as a child?

Lawyer: You don't know what it was, and you didn't know what it looked like, but can you describe it?

Lawyer: Have you lived in this town all your life?
Witness: Not yet.

Lawyer: A Texas attorney, realizing he was on the verge of unleashing a stupid question, interrupted himself and said, "Your Honor, I'd like to strike the next question."You're pretty... pretty ugly!

You finally figured out how to screw in that lightbulb, but the power went out.

You're smart... smart as a fencepost!yo momma is so poor everytime someone rings the doorbell the toilet flushesYou're so stupid you thought "harass" was two words!Q: Why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job? 

A: He couldn't figure out how to refill the hand dryer!If my dog's face looked like your face, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards!Knock Knock.

Who's there?

Ike, Anne, Wyatt, Tillie.

Ike, Anne, Wyatt, Tillie who?

Ike Anne Wyatt Tillie (I can't wait till)
it's three o' clock!What is it called when an insect kills themself?

Pesticide!Knock Knock.

Who's there?

Dewey.

Dewey Who?

Dewey(Do we) have to listen to all this knocking?Knock knock.
Who's there?
Justin.
Justin who?
Justin town and thought I'd say hello.Knock knock?
Who's there?
Water.
Water who?
Water you doing?Knock knock?
Who's there?
Oswald.
Oswald who?
Oswald(I swallowed) my gum!Knock knock?
Who's there?
Kip.
Kip who?
Kip your hands off me!Knock knock?
Who's there?
Howie.
Howie who?
Howie gonna figure this out?Once, a teacher was showing a child a picture of a firefighter taking a child out of a burning building. The teacher asked what that was. The child replied,"A pregnant firefighter." Instead of scolding him, she calmly asked,"Do you know what pregnant means?" The little boy just said, "Yes, it means to be carrying a child."yo momma so dumb that she went to the movies and after they told her under 17 not permitted she went back and got 16 more friends.You have a face like a baby, with a brain to match.

* Credited to my friend fqzeng.(especially if you do this in public)

Child: Would you still love me if I did something bad?
Parent: Yes, of course.
Child: I mean something REALLY bad.
Parent: Of course...
Child: No, I mean something REALLY really bad.
Parent: No...
Child: No, really. Something REALLY really really-
Parent: ALL RIGHT! WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO!!!???!!!???!!!???!!!???111///111///111///111///

Child: (Innocently) Nothing, why?These are just a few of those typical sexist jokes- they make me chuckle ( or groan)  so ya know- I'm a girl : )
  
*what's worse than a male chauvinist pig?
                                                                                     - A woman who  won't do what she's told.

 *I married  Mrs. Right- I just wish I'd known her first name was Always *

* How many men does it take to open a beer?
         -None. It should be open by thetime she brings it

 * What is the best way to always remember your wife's birthday?
               - Forget it onceYour Mama's so fat when she went to a hotel she asked for a water bed and they just covered up the pool with a blanket and said no divers.The accountant's prayer: 
"Lord, help me be more relaxed about insignificant details, starting tomorrow at 10.53:16 am, Eastern Daylight Saving Time."The accountant was visiting the Museum of Natural History and said to the person standing next to him, "That dinosaur is two billion years and ten months old." 

"How did you get such exact information?" 

"I was here ten months ago and the guide said the dinosaur was two billion years old."There was a man who had problems with his penis getting hard. So he went to a doctor and said,"Doctor, can you please help me?"

The doctor said,"Well we can put on replacement penis." There was a wood one, a metal one, and a 20 foot penis.

The man said,"Yes, that will really help.. I'll take the wood one." The doctor told him to come back the next day to let him know how he liked it. 

The next day he came back and said,"Doctor, the wood penis is giving my girlfriend splinters and we can't have that."

The doctor said,"Well, try the metal one and come back and tell me how it works."

The next day he came back and said,"Doctor, its not working right. It's too cold for my girlfriend."

The doctor said,"Well, I haven't let any one try the 20 foot one yet but there is a first for everything." Just like the other ones, he told the man to come back.

The next day he did and he said,"Doctor, I love this new penis!"

The doctor replied,"What do you like about it the most?"

The man said,"Well you see that girl over there? BAM! I got her."Feeling lost and adrift? Gain inner peace by learning the way of the Homer Simpson...
Here are some Homeric jewels to live by:

"The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of the bottle. They're on TV.

"What's the point of going out? We're just going to end up back here anyway."

"Trying is the first step toward failure."

"You can't keep blaming yourself. Just blame yourself once and move on."

"Doughnuts. Is there anything they can't do?"

"The three little sentences that will get you through life. No. 1: Cover for me. No. 2: Oh, good idea, boss. No. 3: It was like that when I got here."Somebody complimented on my driving today," a blonde told her friend, "I found a note on my windshield that said'Parking Fine'."A gladiator was having a rough day at the arena-his opponent had sliced off both of his arms. Nevertheless, he fought on, kicking and biting as furiously as he could. But when his opponent lopped off both feet, the gladiator had no choice but to give up. He was now both unarmed and defeated.Irvin is driving down the freeway to go to work when his cell phone rings.

It's his wife: "Irving,I just heard on the news that there's a car going down the freeway in the wrong direction. Please try to be careful."

"It's true,"Irving replies,"But not just one car- there are hundreds of them!"A married couple, both 60 years old, were celebrating their 35th anniversary. During their party, a fairy appeared to congratulate them and grant them each one wish. The wife wanted to travel around the world. The fairy waved her wand and POOF--the wife had tickets in her hand for a world cruise.
     Next, the fairy asked the husband what he wanted. He said, "I wish I had a wife 30 years younger than me." So the fairy picked up her wand and POOF -- the husband was 90.A man phoned up an exclusive escort agency and asked for a woman.
"No problem," said the receptionist. 
"There's just one thing," said the man,"she has to be 6' 6" tall and weigh 48lbs." 
"Mmm,let me see --yes we can do that for you, but it will be expensive," said the receptionist. 
"That's o.k," said the man. 
"When do you want her?". 
"Tomorrow night at 7pm," said the man.
 
The next night the doorbell rings and a painfully thin 6' 6" black woman is standing on his doorstep. 
"Come in, take off all your clothes and go down on all fours," said the man. 
She complies with his request. 
He opens the kitchen door and a scrawny black labrador emerges. 
The woman thinks, "Oh shit, what have I let myself in for?" 
The man points at his dog and says, "Now that's what you'll look like if you don't eat all your dog food."Harry did like he always does, kissing his wife, crawling into bed and falling to sleep. All of a sudden, he wakes up with an elderly man dressed in a cowl standing in front of his bed. "What the hell are you doing in my bedroom? and who are you?" he asked.
"This is not your bedroom," the man replied, "I am St. Peter, and you are in heaven." "WHAT!?? Are you saying I'm dead? I don't want to die - I'm too young." said Harry. "If I'm dead, I want you to send me back immediately."
"It's not that easy", said St.Peter, "you can only return as a dog or a hen. You can choose on your own." Harry thought about it for a while, and figured out that being a dog is too tiring, but a hen probably has a nice and relaxed life. Running around with a rooster can't be that bad. "I want to return as a hen." Harry replied.
And in the next second, he found himself in a chicken run, really nicely feathered. But, man, now "he" felt like the rear end was gonna blow, then along came the rooster.
"Hey, you must be the new hen on the farm." he said. "How does it feel?" "Well, it's OK I guess, but it feels like my rear end is blowing up." "Oh that!" said the rooster.
"That's only the ovulation going on. Have you never laid an egg before?" "No, how do I do that?" Harry asked.
"Cluck twice, and then you push all you can." Harry clucked twice, and pushed more than he was good for, and then 'Plop' and an egg was on the ground. "Wow" Harry said, "that felt really good!" So he clucked again and squeezed - and you better believe that there was yet another egg on the ground. The third time he clucked, he heard his wife shout: "Harry, for God's sake wake up, you're shitting all over the bed!"How many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb? 
Two, one to turn it the other to grade the person.Q: Why do blondes drive VWs ?







A: Because they can't spell PORSCHEAfter class ends a 1st grader goes up to his teacher and says, "I don't mean to scare you Teacher but my parents said that if I keep getting bad grades, then..."

"Somebody's gonna get a spanking." (nodnod)One weekend, a couple were having breakfast when the radio suddenly blared, "We are expecting 8-10 inches of snow! Please move your car to the even numbered side of the street so that the street sweepers can come through!"

So the wife goes out and moves her car.

The next weekend, the couple were having breakfast when the radio suddenly blared, "We are expecting 10-12 inches of snow! Please move your car to the odd numbered side of the street so that the street sweepers can come through!"

So the wife goes out and moves her car.

The next weekend, the couple were having breakfast when the radio suddenly blared, "We are expecting 12-14 inches of snow! Please move your car to the-"

And suddenly the power went out. The wife said to her husband, "I didn't hear which side of the street to move the car to. Do you know which side of the street I should move the car to?"

And her husband said to her nicely, as all husbands do so to blond wives, "Honey, why don't you leave the car in the garage this time?"yo momma so skinny she can hula-hoop with a cheerio.You know your day is bad if your twin sister forgot your birthday.Yo momma so dumb that when we told her it was a serial killer on the loose she went and locked all the boxes of cereal up in the cabinet.How do you know if you're a redneck?


If you go to a cousin's wedding looking for a girlfriend.Yo momma so fat she went on a sea food diet - she see food and eat it.knock-knock.
who's there?
yo mama.
yo mama who?
this is yo mama stop playing.My friend's mom is so fat I was upstairs and when she fell I ran down screaming, "EARTHQUAKE!"What's the difference between snow men and snow women?

                        

                              Snow BALLS!
                            (Ding dong kind)Yo momma so stupid she went to commit suicide and tried to jump out her basement window.yo momma so fat she has her own area code.Here are some more for you...

Yo momma's so stupid she failed a survey.

Yo momma's so stupid she tried to commit suicide by jumping off a building and she got lost on the way down.

Yo momma's so stupid I saw her jumping up and down, and she said she forgot to shake the medicine before she took it.

Yo momma's so stupid she tried to drown a fish.

Yo momma's so stupid she got hit by a cup and told the police she was mugged.

That's all.What do you get when you mix cigarettes in hot water?

A soggy butt.1.How on earth can you see the TV sitting so far back?

2.Yeah, I used to cut class a lot too.

3.Let me smell that shirt-don't worry, its good for another week.

4.Go ahead and keep that stray dog, honey. I'll be glad to feed him and walk him every day.

5.That outfit isn't sexy enough, here, unbutton your blouse.

6.Why don't you hitchhike? It would be totally cheaper.

7.The curfew is just a general time to shoot for. It's not like I'm running a prison around here.

8.Don't clean your room often; It makes the rest of the house look bad.

9.Can I borrow your new speed-metal CDs?

10.Naw, you don't have to call me, I'll eventually figure out what to do.Why are there so few amusement parks in Japan?

Because they aren't tall enough to ride them!A man and his doctor are discussing a surgery the man will soon undergo. The doctor asks if there are any last questions.
"Doctor, will I be able to play my violin after this surgery?"
"Of course! Why would you think you couldn't?"
"I couldn't play it before."Knock knock.
Who's there?
Sue.
Sue who?
I'll sue you if ya don't let me in!One day the zoo-keeper noticed that the orangutan was reading two books: the Bible and Darwin's Origin of Species. Surprised, he asked the ape, "Why are you reading both those books?" 

"Well," said the orangutan, "I just wanted to know if I was my brother's keeper or my keeper's brother."A teacher decides to have Career Day in her class.  She asks each student to tell the class what their father's job is, spell it, and then explain what they do.

Mary stands up and says, "My father is a policeman. P -O-L-I-C-E-M-A-N.  He puts bad people in jail and keeps us all safe."

Sue stands up next and says, "My father is a doctor. D-O-C-T-O-R.  He helps sick people get better."

Bobby is next.  He stands up and says, "My father is a pharmacist.  F...F-R..."

The teacher tells Bobby to sit down and try to figure it out and moves on to the next kid.

Johnny stands up next and says, "My father is a bookie.  B-O-O-K-I-E.  He'd give you 10-1 odds that Bobby is never going to spell 'pharmacist.'"Q: How can you tell if a blonde has stolen your bike?

A: She's running away with it under her arm.Two guys are out walking their dogs one day and decide to stop at a bar to get a drink.  When they get there, however, there's a sign on the door that says, "No Pets Allowed."

The guys are about to go home when one of them gets an idea.  He tells his friend to wait a few minutes and then follow his lead.  He puts on his sunglasses and walks in with his German Shepherd.

The bartender sees him walk in with the dog and says, "Can't you read? No pets allowed in here!"

The guy says, "But I'm blind. This is my seeing-eye dog." The bartender thinks for a minute and decides to let him stay.

Meanwhile, the friend is watching through the window.  He sees the plan work for the first guy so he decides to give it a try himself.  He puts on his sunglasses and walks in with his little chihuahua.

The bartender looks at him and says, "No pets allowed. You're going to have to leave."

"But I'm blind," says the guy. "This is my seeing-eye dog."

"Please," says the bartender. "You really expect me to believe that they gave you that little chihuahua as a seeing-eye dog?"

Without missing a beat the guy replies, "They gave me a chihuahua?"This guy sits down at the bar, and starts telling the bartendar, "I've been married for 12 years now and I want some variety.  I'm sick of the same old thing! I want something different!"  The bartendar says, "12 years thats a long time, you don't want to do anything stupid!  Hell, if ya want something different just flip her over!" The man replies, "What? And have a houseful of kids!"An Indian man made a painting with the sun above a beach.

He proudly displayed his painting. When people marvel at his work and asked, "What's it called?" He said, "Sun of a Beach."Did you hear about the tree that made an  Ash of itself?Yo momma so dumb, that when we told her it was chilly outside she ran out with a bowl and a spoon.Q: How do you serve food in space?

A: On flying saucersA guy walked up to this little boy and asked what was closer, ( it was a joke) the moon or the Cayman Islands. The little boy said, "The moon, because you can't see the Caymen Islands, but you can see the moon."
  The guy decided to show some people on the streets this fine genius. That same day, the guy shouted out,  "Listen to the genius. Once the guy asked which was closer, the moon or the Cayman Islands, the little boy said " The Cayman Islands."
"Why do you think that?" the guy asked. the boy said "Yesterday, I saw some people from the Cayman Islands. Have YOU ever seen some one from the moon?  I sure haven't."Q. Why was Moses the most wicked man?
A. He broke all 10 Commandments at once.


Q. What animal could Noah not trust?
A. The cheetah.


Q. What kind of lights did Noah use on the ark?
A. Flood lights.A drunk gets up from the bar and heads for the bathroom. A few minutes later, a loud, blood curdling scream is heard from the bathroom. A few minutes after that, another loud scream reverberates through the bar. 

The bartender goes into the bathroom to investigate why the drunk is screaming. "What's all the screaming about in there? You're scaring the customers!"

"I'm just sitting here on the toilet and every time I try to flush, something comes up and squeezes the hell out of my testicles."

With that, the bartender opens the door, looks in and says..."You idiot! You're sitting on the mop bucket!"Exam Question: Define courage.

Student Answer: This is.There lived a Chinese and an American in a hotel. One day, the Chinese felt thirsty, so he decided to get a drink of water. So he went to the public refrigerator, took a can of coke, and drank it. Then he wanted to go pee, so he peed in the can, closed the cap, put it back in the fridge, and hid in a corner.

The American came a few minutes later. He took the can, took a sip, and then the Chinese man popped out from his hiding place and said:
                     "Me Chinese,
                     "Me play joke,
                     "Me go pee-pee in your coke!"
*SOCK*Three women a brunette, a woman with jet black hair, and a blonde were pregnant and at the doctors' office to find out the sex of their babies. The nurse called for the brunette and she went into the office. She came out very happy and said, "My husband and I had sex standing up and I'm having a girl!" 

The women with jet black hair was called and went into the office. She came out very happily and said, "My husband and I had sex lying down, and I'm having a boy!" 

Next the blonde was called and went into the office. She soon ran back out crying. The other two women asked her what was wrong. The blond sobbed, "I'm having puppies!"Two carrots are walking down the street one day when a car suddenly comes flying around the corner and runs one of them over.

At the hospital, the doctor says to the other carrot, "I have good news and bad news. The good news is your friend is going to live. The bad news is he'll be a vegetable for the rest of his life."Yogi Berra is a famous baseball player who is most widely known for his renowned flubs. Here is a collection of the best.

"This is like deja vu all over again."

"You can observe a lot just by watching."

"He must have made that before he died." -- Referring to a Steve McQueen movie.

"I want to thank you for making this day necessary." -- On Yogi Berra Appreciation Day in St. Louis in 1947.

"I'd find the fellow who lost it, and, if he was poor, I'd return it." -- When asked what he would do if he found a million dollars.

"Think! How the hell are you gonna think and hit at the same time?"

"You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there."

"I knew I was going to take the wrong train, so I left early."

"If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else."

"If you can't imitate him, don't copy him."

"You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six."

"Baseball is 90% mental -- the other half is physical."

"It was impossible to get a conversation going; everybody was talking too much."

"Slump? I ain't in no slump. I just ain't hitting."

"A nickel isn't worth a dime today."

"Nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded."

"It gets late early out there." -- Referring to the bad sun conditions in left field at the stadium.

"Glen Cove." -- Referring to Glenn Close on a movie review television show.

Once, Yogi's wife Carmen asked, "Yogi, you are from St. Louis, we live in New Jersey, and you played ball in New York. If you go before I do, where would you like me to have you buried?" Yogi replied, "Surprise me."

"Do you mean now?" -- When asked for the time.

"I take a two hour nap, from one o'clock to four."

"If you come to a fork in the road, take it."

"You give 100 percent in the first half of the game, and if that isn't enough in the second half you give what's left."

"90% of the putts that are short don't go in."

"I made a wrong mistake."

"Texas has a lot of electrical votes." -- During an election campaign, after George Bush stated that Texas was important to the election.

"Thanks, you don't look so hot yourself." -- After being told he looked cool.

"I always thought that record would stand until it was broken."

"Yeah, but we're making great time!" -- In reply to "Hey Yogi, I think we're lost."

"If the fans don't come out to the ball park, you can't stop them."

"Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel."

"It's never happened in the World Series competition, and it still hasn't."

"How long have you known me, Jack? And you still don't know how to spell my name." -- Upon receiving a check from Jack Buck made out to "bearer."

"I'd say he's done more than that." -- When asked if first baseman Don Mattingly had exceeded expectations for the current season.

"The other teams could make trouble for us if they win."

"He can run anytime he wants. I'm giving him the red light." -- On the acquisition of fleet Ricky Henderson.

"I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat, and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?"

"It ain't the heat; it's the humility."

"The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase."

"You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they won't come to yours."

"I didn't really say everything I said."New Rules


New Rules
Dear Employee:

As a result of the reduction of money budgeted for department areas, we are forced to cut down on our number of personnel.

Under this plan, older employees will be asked to take early retirement, thus permitting the retention of younger people who represent our future. Therefore, a program to phase out older personnel by the end of the current fiscal year, via retirement, will be placed into effect immediately.

This program will be known as SLAP (Sever Late-Aged Personnel). Employees who are SLAPPED will be given the opportunity to look for jobs outside the company.

SLAPPED employees can request a review of their employment records before actual retirement takes place. This review phase of the program is called SCREW.

SCREW (Survey of Capabilities of Retired Early Workers). All employees who have been SLAPPED and SCREWED may file an appeal with upper management.

This appeal is called SHAFT (Study by Higher Authority Following Termination).

Under the terms of the new policy, an employee may be SLAPPED once, SCREWED twice, but may be SHAFTED as many times as the company deems appropriate.

If an employee follows the above procedure, he/she will be entitled to get: HERPES (Half Earnings for Retired Personnel's Early Severance) or CLAP (Combined Lump sum Assistance Payment).

As HERPES and CLAP are considered benefit plans, any employee who has received HERPES or CLAP will no longer be SLAPPED or SCREWED by the company.

Management wishes to assure the younger employees who remain on board that the company will continue its policy of training employees through our:

Special High Intensity Training (SHIT). We take pride in the amount of SHIT our employees receive. We have given our employees more SHIT than any company in this area. If any employee feels they do not receive enough SHIT on the job, see your immediate supervisor.

Your supervisor is specially trained to make sure you receive all the SHIT you can stand.

And, once again, thanks for all your years of service with us.How To Keep The IT Guy Happy


When you call us to have your computer moved, be sure to leave it buried under half a ton of postcards, baby pictures, stuffed animals, dried flowers, bowling trophies and children's art. We don't have a life, and we find it deeply moving to catch a fleeting glimpse of yours.

Don't write anything down. Ever. We can play back the error messages from here.

When an I.T. person says he's coming right over, go for coffee. That way you won't be there when we need your password. It's nothing for us to remember 700 screen saver passwords.

When you call the help desk, state what you want, not what's keeping you from getting it. We don't need to know that you can't get into your mail because your computer won't power on at all.

When I.T. support sends you an E-Mail with high importance, delete it at once. We're just testing.

When an I.T. person is eating lunch at his desk, walk right in and spill your guts right out. We exist only to serve.

Send urgent email all in uppercase. The mail server picks it up and flags it as a rush delivery.

When the photocopier doesn't work, call computer support. There's electronics in it.

When something's wrong with your home PC, dump it on an I.T. person's chair with no name, no phone number and no description of the problem. We love a puzzle.

When an I.T. person tells you that computer screens don't have cartridges in them, argue. We love a good argument.

When an I.T. person tells you that he'll be there shortly, reply in a scathing tone of voice: "And just how many weeks do you mean by shortly?" That motivates us.

When the printer won't print, re-send the job at least 20 times. Print jobs frequently get sucked into black holes.

When the printer still won't print after 20 tries, send the job to all 68 printers in the company. One of them is bound to work.

Don't learn the proper term for anything technical. We know exactly what you mean by "My thingy blew up".

Don't use on-line help. On-line help is for wimps.Knock-knock!
Who's there?
Yoda!
Yoda who?
Yo-da door's stuck! Lemme in!At weddings old people poke me and say, "You're next!"

At funerals, I do the same.Yo momma so fat, she used pillowcases for socks.GREAT TRUTHS THAT LITTLE CHILDREN HAVE LEARNED:
1) No matter how hard you try, you can't baptize cats.
2) When your Mom is mad at your Dad, don't let her brush your hair.
3) If your sister hits you, don't hit her back. They always catch the second person.
4) Never ask your 3-year old brother to hold a tomato.
5) You can't trust dogs to watch your food.
6) Don't sneeze when someone is cutting your hair.
7) Never hold a Dust-Buster and a cat at the same time.
8) You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.
9) Don't wear polka-dot underwear under white shorts.
10) The best place to be when you're sad is Grandpa's lap.
GREAT TRUTHS THAT ADULTS HAVE LEARNED:
1) Raising teenagers is like nailing Jell-O to a tree.
2) Wrinkles don't hurt.
3) Families are like fudge...mostly sweet, with a few nuts.
4) Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut that held its ground.
5) Laughing is good exercise. It's like jogging on the inside.
6) Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy. 
GREAT TRUTHS ABOUT GROWING OLD
1) Growing up is mandatory; growing old is optional.
2) Forget the health food. I need all the preservatives I can get.
3) When you fall down, you wonder what else you can do while you're down there.
4) You're getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair that you once got from a roller coaster.
5) It's frustrating when you know all the answers but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
6) Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician.
7) Wisdom comes with age, but sometimes age comes alone.
SUCCESS:
At age 4 success is . . not peeing in your pants.
At age 12 success is . . having friends.
At age 16 success is . . . having a drivers license.
At age 35 success is . . . having money.
At age 50 success is . . . having money.
At age 70 success is . . . having a drivers license.
At age 75 success is . . . having friends.
At age 80 success is . . . not peeing in your pantsFriend 1:"Yeh,you are looking too fat."
Friend 2:"You are looking too old."
Friend 1:"I am not old."
Friend 2:"Then, I am not too fat."My grandfather always said, "Don't watch your money; watch your health." So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather.A man went to apply for a job. After filling out all of his applications, he
waited anxiously for the outcome. The employer read all his applications and
said, "We have an opening for people like you." "Oh, great," he said, "What is
it?" "It's called the door!"If this is coffee, please bring me some tea. If this is tea, please bring me some coffee.Q. If you had three apples and four oranges in one
hand and four apples and three oranges in the other
hand, what would you have?
A. Very large hands.

Q. How can you lift an elephant with one hand?
A. It is not a problem, since you will never find an
elephant with  one hand. 
 
Q. How can a man go eight days without sleep?
A. No Problems , He sleeps at night.Q. The Bay of Bengal is in which state?
A. Liquid

Q. If you throw a red stone into the blue sea what it
will become?
A. It will  get  Wet or Sink as simple as that. 
 
Q. What looks like half of an apple ?
A. The other half. 
 
Q. What happened when the wheel was invented?
A. It caused a revolution.A man was walking down a street when he heard a voice from behind, "If you take one more step, a brick will fall down on your head and kill you." The man stopped and a big brick fell right in front of him. He was astonished. 

He went on, and after a while he was going to  cross the road. Once again the voice shouted, "Stop! Stand still! If you take one more step a car will run over you, and you will die."

The man did as he was instructed, just as a car came careening around the corner, barely missing him. 
The man asked, "Who are you?"
"I am your guardian angel," the voice answered.

"Oh, yeah?" the man asked. "Then where the hell were
you when I got married?"Are you a technical geek?

Do you have a problem with overdoing your technical activities? Many do. Take the following test to see if you are compulsive. If you can relate to 2 of the items, you may have a problem with Techno-Dweeb. If you relate to 3 or more, you are definitely a Techno-Dweeb. Do not despair! There is help! You are not alone! Whenever you feel the urge to code in Assembler, call the number in the white pages of your phone book, and we will send somebody right over to cut out paper dolls with you until the feeling passes.

You know you are a technical geek when . . .

When your friend tells you all about his Cressida V6 and you reply, "Yeah, I had V5, and it was full of bugs!"

When driving, you see a license plate with the letters DSR, and you feel compelled to touch your bumper to the other car to see if you can raise CD.

When you are counting objects "0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,A,B,C,D...".

When you lay down in the afternoon for a short rest, end up sleeping 4 hours, and call it a "mega-nap".

When your friend is going to Essex for vacation and you tell her, "You really should go for the DX, it has the built in co-processor."

When you dream in 256 pallettes of 256 colors.

When asked about a bus schedule, you wonder if it is 16 or 32 bits.

When you convince yourself that Tetris really does improve eye-hand coordination.

When the radio traffic reporter talks about a backup caused by a crash, and you correct her that a backup is good protection in case of a crash.

When floppy drive applies more to your love life, and hard drive to your machines.

When you call "*.*" star-dot-star.

When you can do hexadecimal arithmatic in your head.

When your wife goes to the market for some macintosh apples, and you correct her, "No, dear, it's 'Apple Macintosh'."

When your wife says, "If you don't turn off that stupid machine and come to bed, then I am going to divorce you!" and you chastise her for for omitting the else clause.One day our professor was discussing a particularly complicated concept. A pre-med student rudely interrupted to ask, "Why do we have to learn this pointless information?"

"To save lives," the professor responded quickly and continued the lecture.

A few minutes later, the same student spoke up again. "So how does physics save lives?" he persisted.

"It keeps the ignoramuses like you out of medical school," replied the professor.THE NBA PLAYER ADOPTION PROGRAM NEEDS YOU!

With an NBA player's strike against the team owners looming, now is the time for us to show the world just how much we care. It's just not right. Hundreds of basketball players in our very own country are living at or just below the seven-figure salary level! Atrocious! And, as if that weren't bad enough, they will be deprived of pay for several weeks - possibly a whole year - as a result of the strike. But now you can help! For about two thousand dollars a day - that's less than the cost of a large screen projection TV - you can help a basketball player remain economically viable during his time of need.

Two thousand dollars a day may not seem like a lot of money to you, but to a basketball player it could mean the difference between a vacation spent golfing in Florida or a Mediterranean cruise. For you, two thousand dollars is nothing more than three months rent or mortgage payments, but to a basketball player, two thousand dollars a day will almost replace his salary.

Your commitment of two thousand dollars a day will enable a player to buy that home entertainment center, trade in the year-old Lexus for a new Ferrari, or enjoy a weekend in Rio.

"HOW WILL I KNOW I'M HELPING?"

Each month, you will receive a complete financial report on the player you sponsor. Detailed information about his stocks, bonds, 401(k), real estate, and other investment holdings will be mailed to your home. You'll also get information on how he plans to invest the $5 million lump sum he will receive upon retirement. Plus upon signing up for this program, you will receive a photo of the player (unsigned). Put the photo on your refrigerator to remind you of other peoples' suffering.

"HOW WILL HE KNOW I'M HELPING"

Your basketball player will be told that he has a SPECIAL FRIEND who just wants to help in a time of need. Although the player won't know your name, he will be able to make collect calls to your home via a special operator just in case additional funds are needed for unexpected expenses.

Simply fill out the form below.

___YES, I want to help!

I would like to sponsor a striking NBA basketball player. My preference is checked below:

[ ] Starter
[ ] Reserve
[ ] Star*
[ ] Superstar**
[ ] Entire team***
[ ] I'll sponsor a player most in
    need. Please select one for me.

*    Higher cost
**   Much higher cost
***  Please call our 900 number to
     ask for the cost of a specific
     team (Sorry, does not include
     cheerleaders).

Please charge the account listed below $2,054.79 per day for a reserve player or starter for the duration of the strike. Please send me a picture of the player I have sponsored, along with a team logo and my very own NBA Players Association badge to wear proudly on my lapel.

[ ] MasterCard       [ ] Visa
[ ] American Express [ ] DiscoverCard
[ ] Diner's Club 

Your Name: __________________________
Telephone Number:  __________________
Account Number: _____________________
Exp.Date:____________________________
Signature:  _________________________

Mail completed form to NBA Players Association or call 1-888-TOOMUCH now to enroll by phone. (Children under 18 must have parental approval.)

Note: Sponsors are not permitted to contact the player they have sponsored, either in person or by other means including, but not limited to, telephone calls, letters, e-mail, or third parties. Keep in mind that the basketball player you have sponsored will be much too busy enjoying his free time, thanks to your generous donations. Oh, yes, contributions are not tax-deductible.Teacher: Joey, your behavior is terrible! How many more times am I going to have to keep you in after school?
Joey: 97.
Teacher: 97?
Joey: Yeah. That's how many days are left until the summer holidays.What goes 99-clump, 99-clump, 99-clump?

A centipede with a wooden leg.Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Swen.
Swen who?
Swen are you going let me in!?TEACHER: Why are you late?
L-JOHNY: Because of the sign.
TEACHER: What sign?
L-JOHNY: "School Ahead, Go Slow."


   TEACHER: What is the chemical formula for water?
L-JOHNY: "HIJKLMNO"!!
TEACHER: What are you talking about?
L-JOHNY: Yesterday you only said it's H to O!!!!



TEACHER: "George Washington not only chopped down his
father's Cherry tree, but also admitted doing it. Now
do you know why his father didn't
punish him?"
L-JOHNY: "Because George still had the axe in his
hand."John Smith was the only Protestant to move into a large Catholic neighborhood. On the first Friday of Lent, John was outside grilling a big juicy steak on his grill.

Meanwhile, all of his neighbors were eating cold tuna fish for supper. This went on each Friday of Lent. On the last Friday of Lent, the neighborhood men got together and decided that something had to be done about John. He was tempting them to eat meat each Friday of Lent, and they couldn't take it anymore.

They decided to try and convert John to Catholicism.

They went over and talked to him. John decided to join all of his neighbors and become a Catholic, which made them all very happy.

They took him to church, and the priest sprinkled some water over him, and said, "You were born a Baptist, you were raised a Baptist, and now you are a Catholic."

The men were so relieved, now their biggest Lenten temptation was resolved.

The next year's Lenten season rolled around. The first Friday of Lent came, and, just at supper time, when the neighborhood was settling down to their cold tuna fish dinner, the smell of steak cooking on a grill came wafting into their homes. The neighborhood men could not believe their noses! WHAT WAS GOING ON?

They called each other up and decided to meet over in John's yard to see if he had forgotten it was the first Friday of Lent. The group arrived just in time to see John standing over his grill with a small pitcher of water. He was sprinkling some water over his steak on the grill, saying, "You were born a cow, you were raised a cow, and now you are a fish."Yesterday, I walked into a pet store.  When I walked to the back of the store, I saw an interesting parrot.  The parrot had a ribbon on either foot.  There was a red ribbon on his left foot, and a blue ribbon on his right foot.

As I was wondering what the ribbons were for, the store owner walked up to me.  He told me that if I pulled the red ribbon, the parrot would sing the "Star Spangled Banner," and the parrot did.  He then told me that if you pulled the blue ribbon, the parrot would sing, "God Bless America," and it did.

Interested, I asked the store owner, "What will it do when I pull both ribbons at the same time?" The parrot then yelled, "I'll fall off my perch, stupid!!!"The closest you've ever come to a brainstorm is a light drizzle!What does a blond think the last 2 words of the national anthem are?  Play ball!A minister delivered a sermon in 10 minutes one Sunday morning, which was about half the usual length of his sermons. He explained, "I regret to inform you that my dog, who is very fond of eating paper, ate that portion of my sermon which I was unable to deliver this morning."

After the service, a visitor from another church shook hands with the preacher and said, "Reverend, if that dog of yours has any pups, I want to give one to my minister."It was the first day of school for little Jimmy. The teacher asked him, "What's 1+1?"
Jimmy replied, "3". The teacher said, "You go back home and ask your family what the answer is."

So, little Jimmy goes back home. He asks his father, who was having a conversation with his friend, "Daddy, what's 1+1?" The father replied impatiently, "Shut up!" So, little Jimmy asks his mother, "Mommy, what's 1+1?"
His mother, who was watching a show about George Bush on TV, carelessly responded, "George Bush."

Then Jimmy goes to his sister, "What's 1+1?" The sister was having a hot bath and she replied, "Oooohhhh, aahhhh".

Finally, Jimmy sees his brother, "What's 1+1?" he asked. Jimmy's brother was just going out with his girlfriend and he said, "let's go, darling."

So the next day, the teacher asks Jimmy, "What's 1+1?"
Jimmy replies, "Shut up!"
The teacher was outraged and asked angrily, "Who do you think you are?!"
Jimmy said, "George Bush."
Furious, the teacher hit Jimmy. Jimmy exclaimed, "Oooohhh, ahhhh".
"That's it!" The teacher shouted, "You are going to the headmaster!"
Jimmy said, "Let's go, darling."What does Hannibal Lecter call Britney Spears? 

Dinner at Hooters.Lady : Is this my train?
Station Master : No, it belongs to the Railway Company.
Lady : Don't try to be funny. I mean, can I take this train to Kuala Lumpur?
Station Master : No Madam, I'm afraid it's too heavy.Oh, what a shame. It looks like the Ugly Fairy kissed you on both cheeks.What's the hardest part of skydiving?


The ground!What do you get when you cross a porcupine with a shark?


Far far away!1.) That in school, getting a zero for a grade seems better than getting a 20 or a 30.
2.) That when you are hungry, you look in the refrigerator constantly, even though you know there's nothing to eat in there.
3.) That ketchup has TONS of sugar? What's up with that?
4.) That when you vacuum and there's a piece of lint or something on the floor that's too big to suck up with the vacuum cleaner, instead of picking it up, you just sit there rolling the vacuum over and over it hoping it will suck it up??
5.) That when you think of something funny and someone else says,"What's so funny?" You say,"It's a long story" when really it isn't?A Mexican and an Iraqi terrorist are in a car.

Who's driving?




Answer:  The police.Analogy of sex: Insert the 'quarter' into the 'vending machine' and then the 'gumball' comes out.The forgien exchanged students Jose, Doron, and Krono didn't know any English.  So their teacher asked them to go find some words.

Jose goes to the airport and sees a plane.
    "Waz dat?" he asks.
    "That's a plane taking off," the pilot said.
    "Take off!" he says.

Doron goes to the zoo and sees a zebra.
    "Waz dat?" he asks.
    "That's a zebra," a lady tells him.
    "Ze'bra!" he says.

Krono goes to the hospital and sees a new baby.
    "Waz dat?" he asks.
    "That's my baby," the mother said.
    "Be'be!" he says.

The next day in class, they say all the words together.

    "Take off ze bra bebe!!""What's wrong with you?" you asked a very dumb guy that was taking your order at the newest resturant in town.

"The doctor doesn't know yet, hehe (snort)."Why did the chicken pox cross the road?


He was afraid if he stayed he would be spotted.How do the kids of dentists get around the neighborhood?


On Molar-SkatesWhat movie is really the sequel to April Fools?


The May-TricksWhat's Samurai Jack's favorite fish?


SwordfishWhat monster was created on April 1?


Pranken-stienKnock-Knock!

Who's there?

Frayed.

Frayed who?

Frayed no one's going to answer the door.A couple of teenagers craving something sweet drove to the nearest Baskin-Robbins. They bought ice cream cones and returned to their car to be comfortable. As they settled back to enjoy themselves, two ravens landed on the front hood and began to caw and flutter, and to peck at the windshield. The young man finally figured out what they wanted. He finished his ice cream, opened the window, and put his empty cone on the hood. The birds immediately settled down to eat. "You're wonderful," said his girlfriend. "How did you ever think of that?" 

"Nothing to it," he replied. "It was just a case of stilling two birds with one cone."A sailor trying to sneak back to his ship about 3 o'clock in the morning was spotted by a chief petty officer who ordered him to explain his tardiness. The lame explanation didn't work. "Take this broom and sweep every link on this anchor chain by morning or it's the brig for you," the chief said. The sailor began to sweep, but a tern landed on the broom handle and he couldn't continue. He yelled at the bird, but it didn't budge. He finally plucked it off the broom and gave it a toss. But the bird came right back and again landed on the handle. Over and over, the same routine was repeated. A toss, one  sweep, and the bird was back. When morning came, the chief also was back. "What have you been doing all night? This chain is no cleaner than when you started!" "Honest, chief," said the sailor, "I tossed a tern all night and couldn't sweep a link."Mrs. Ward goes to the doctor's office to collect her husband's test results.

The lab tech says to her, "I'm sorry, ma'am, but there has been a big mix-up and we have a problem. When we sent your husband's samples to the lab, the samples from another Mr. Ward were sent as well and we are now uncertain which one is your husband's. Frankly, it is either bad or terrible."

"What do you mean?" Mrs. Ward asked.

"Well, one has tested positive for Alzheimer's and the other for AIDS. We can't tell which is your husband."

"That's terrible! Can we do the test over?" questioned Mrs. Ward.

"Normally, yes.But Medicare won't pay for these expensive tests more than once."

"Well, what am I supposed to do now?"

"The people at Medicare recommend that you drop your husband off in the middle of town. If he finds his way home, don't sleep with him."Jack locked up his bar and headed home. He'd been asleep a few minutes when the telephone rang.
   "What time do you open in the morning?" he heard an obviously inebriated man inquire.
  Furious, Jack slammed the phone down and went back to sleep. But the same guy called again.
  " You might as well stop calling," Jack shouted." There's no way I'm letting a drunk like you into my bar!" "I don't want to get in," the caller interjected."I want to get out!"Once upon a time, there was a prince who was under a terrible spell. He could only say one word per year. 
Then one day, he saw a beautiful princess. He fell in love with her. He vowed to ask her hand in marriage. However, because of the spell, he had to wait for 7 whole years to propose. 
On the starting of the 8th year, the prince went to the princess' castle. Knelt down in front of her and said, "I love you, will you marry me?" 
The princess tossed her enchanting golden hair, straightened her crown, parted her cherry-red lovely lips and said, "I'm sorry, I didn't hear that. What did you say?"That master detective, Sherlock Holmes, was sitting on his chair beside the fireplace calmly reading a book when suddenly, his good partner, Dr. Watson came in. 
Sherlock Holmes looked at his friend and smiled, saying, "Why, Dr. Watson, don't you think the weather is a bit hot for you to be wearing your red flannel underwear?"
Dr. Watson was shocked by this incredible and wonderful logic. "My good man," he gasped, "How did you know I was wearing my red flannel underwear?"
Holmes smiled wider and put down his book. He explained, "Elementary, my dear Watson. You forgot to put your pants on."Muldoon lived alone in the Irish countryside with only a pet dog for his company. One day the dog died, and Muldoon went to the parish priest and asked, "Father, me dog is dead. Could ya' be sayin' a mass for the poor creature?"

Father Patrick replied, "I'm afraid not; we cannot have services for an animal in the church, but there are some Baptists down the lane, and there's no tellin' what they believe. Maybe they'll do something for the creature."

Muldoon said, "I'll go right away, Father. Do ya' think $5,000 is enough to donate for the service?"

Father Patrick exclaimed, "Sweet Mary, Mother of Jesus! Why didn't ya' tell me the dog was Catholic?"One day Peyton Manning dies and goes to heaven. Upon arrival, he's given a nice sized house, and a few of his trophies and some Colts apparel is set up around the house to honor his days as a QB.

One day, as he's walking along the golden streets, he hears the news that Ben Roethlisberger has died. As he looks up, he sees this ridiculously large mansion - a big, BIG mansion. The building is completely decked out and covered in Ben Roethlisberger banners and flags and paraphanelia. Peyton is a little put out, so he goes to see God.

"God," he says when he meets him, "I don't think this is very fair. I mean, I WAS the better quarterback. Just look at my record and my stats! Do you think it's fair that he gets all that and I just get a little house?"

God simply smiles and chuckles a little before shaking his head. "Peyt," he says, "That's not Ben Roethlisberger's house. That's MY house."A woman was at her hairdresser's getting her hair styled for a trip to Rome with her husband. She mentioned the trip to the hairdresser, who responded: 

"Rome? Why would anyone want to go there? It's crowded and
dirty. You're crazy to go to Rome. So, how are you getting there?"

"We're taking Continental," was the reply. "We got a great rate!"
"Continental?" exclaimed the hairdresser. "That's a terrible airline. Their planes are old, their flight attendants are ugly, and they're always late. So, where are you staying in Rome?" 

"We'll be at this exclusive little place over on Rome's Tiber River called este." "Don't go any further. I know that place. Everybody thinks it's gonna be something special and exclusive, but it's really a dump, the worst hotel in the city! The rooms are small, the service is surly, and they're overpriced. So, whatcha' doing when you get there?" 

"We're going to go to see the Vatican and we hope to see the Pope." "That's rich," laughed the hairdresser. "You and a million other people trying to see him. He'll look the size of an ant. Boy, good luck on this lousy trip of yours. You're going to need it." 

A month later, the woman again came in for a hairdo. The hairdresser asked her about her trip to Rome. "It was wonderful," explained the woman, "not only were we on time in one of Continental's brand new planes, but it was overbooked and they bumped us up to first class. The food and wine were wonderful, and I had a handsome 28-year-old steward who waited on me hand and foot. And the hotel was great! They'd just finished a $5 million remodeling job and now it's a jewel, the finest hotel in the city. They, too, were overbooked, so they apologized and gave us their owner's suite at no extra charge!" 

"Well," muttered the hairdresser, "that's all well and good, but I know you didn't get to see the Pope."

"Actually, we were quite lucky, because as we toured the Vatican, a Swiss Guard tapped me on the shoulder, and explained that the Pope likes to meet some of the visitors, and if I'd be so kind as to step into his private room and wait, the Pope would personally greet me. Sure enough, five minutes later, the Pope walked through the door and shook my hand, I knelt down and he spoke a few words to me." "Oh, really! What'd he say?"

He said, "Where'd you get the shitty hairdo?"It seems that upon passing away, a Texan found himself at the legendary Pearly Gates, and St. Peter himself was in attendance to personally greet him!
After the usual checklist and verifications, St. Peter made some small talk and commented that he had heard that in Texas, everything is big.
The Texan agreed and responded saying, "Yup, everything is big in Texas."
"Well," said St. Peter, "we've got some pretty big things up here in Heaven too."

He then led the Texan to a farm where cabbages were as big as Volkswagens and the carrots towered over them like redwood trees. "Pretty impressive eh?" said St. Peter.
The Texan smiled and remarked, "Yes sir Mr. Peter, they are some pretty big vegetables you've got here, but I've seen big vegetables before, back in Texas. Everything is really big in Texas," he repeated.
St. Peter then took the Texan to a far cloud and said, "look at this!" as he pointed downward.

It was there that the Texan saw an eternal lake of fire streching out across the horizon with no end in sight.

"Well, sir, what do you think of that?" inquired St. Peter. The Texan took one more look at incredible vastness of the roaring flames, and said to St. Peter, "That's a mighty big fire you've got going on down there Mr. Peter, but I'll tell you what; I know a couple of fellers over in Houston that can put that out for you."The skeleton walked into the bar and asked, "Can I have a beer and a mop?"What did Tennessee?




What Arkansas.Three Texas surgeons were playing golf together and discussing surgeries they had performed.

One of them said, "I'm the best surgeon in Texas. A concert pianist lost seven fingers in an accident; I reattached them, and eight months later he performed a private concert for the Queen of England."

One of the others said, "That's nothing: a young man lost both arms and legs in an accident; I reattached them, and two years later he won a gold medal in field events in the Olympics."

The third surgeon said, "You guys are amateurs. Several years ago a cowboy who was high on cocaine and alcohol rode a horse head-on into a train traveling 80 miles an hour. All I had left to work with was the horse's ass and a cowboy hat. Now he's  president of the United States."It was the little boy's first time on an airplane. He was so excited. When the airplane engines started, the little boy closed his eyes and counted to 100. 

Then he opened his eyes and peered outside. Pointing, he said to the woman next to him, "See those tiny people down there? They are just like ants!"

The woman looked at what he was pointing and remarked, "They are ants. We haven't left the ground yet."15 Steps to Build a campfire.

1. Split dead limb into fragments and shave one fragment into slivers.

2. Bandage left thumb.

3. Chop other fragments into smaller fragments.

4. Bandage left foot.

5. Make structure of slivers(including those embedded in hand).

6. Light match.

7. Light match.

8. Repeat "a scout is cheerful," and light match.

9. Apply match to slivers, add wood fragments, and blow gently into base of flames.

10. Apply Burn ointment to nose.

11. When fire is burning, collect more wood.

12. Upon discovery that fire has gone out during your absence, soak wood with liquid from can labeled "kerosene."

13. Treat face and arms for second degree burns, and relabel your can to read "gasoline."

14. When fire is burning well, add all remaining wood.

15. When thunderstorm has passed, repeat steps 1 through 14.What kind of cheese is not yours?

Nacho cheeseThe Mexican was finally caught on the borderline of the US by an American cop. 

The Mexican begged, "Pleese, siir. I muss stay here in America. I muss!"

But the American still wasn't convinced. So, the Mexican pleaded more and more with very bad English. At last, the cop, assuming the Mexican's English couldn't get any worst, said to the Mexican, "I will let you stay if you can use 3 words in one sentence." 

The Mexican thought for a while, and replied, "Is all right. I say. I say."

The cop said, "The words are: Green, pink and yellow."

After a few seconds of consideration, the Mexican responded, "Da phone - it rang: Green, green, green. I pink it up and sez, 'yellow?'"At a dinner party, several of the guests were arguing whether men or women were more trustworthy. 'No woman,' said one man, scornfully, 'can keep a secret.' 

'I don't know about that,' answered a blonde woman guest. 'I have kept my age a secret since I was twenty-one.' 

'You'll let it out some day,' the man insisted. 

'I hardly think so!' responded the blonde lady. 'When a woman has kept a secret for twenty-seven years, she can keep it forever.'All the numbers went to a party and numbers being what they are, all
the evens stayed around each other and all the odds did the same and
neither group interacted with each other. Whilst two was chatting to
four he noticed zero was on his own in the corner and suggested to
four that because zero is sort of even he should be encouraged to mix
with even numbers - four agreed. So off went two to invite zero into
their little group. "Would you like to join our little group" enquired
two, to which zero replied "I have nothing to add!"The number you have dialed is imaginary. 
Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again."Q. How can you drop a raw egg onto a concrete floor
without cracking it?
A. Concrete floors are very hard to crack! (UPSC
Topper)



Q. If it took eight men ten hours to build a wall, how
long would it take four men to build it?  

A. No time at all, as it has already been built. (UPSC
23 Rank Opted for IFS)



Q. If you had three apples and four oranges in one hand
and four apples and three oranges in the other hand, what would you have?

A. Very large hands. (Good one) (UPSC 11 Rank Opted for
IPS)Q: What did the blonde say when she looked in the box of cheerios?

A: Oh look, donut seeds!George: Condi!  Nice to see you. What's happening?

Condi:  Sir, I have the report here about the new leader of China.

George: Great.  Lay it on me.

Condi:  Hu is the new leader of China.

George: That's what I want to know.

Condi:  That's what I'm telling you.

George: That's what I'm asking you.  Who is the new leader of China?

Condi:  Yes.

George: I mean the fellow's name.

Condi:  Hu.

George: The guy in China.

Condi:  Hu.

George: The new leader of China.

Condi:  Hu.

George: The main man in China!

Condi:  Hu is leading China.

George: Now whaddya' asking me for?

Condi:  I'm telling you, Hu is leading China.

George: Well, I'm asking you.  Who is leading China?

Condi:  That's the man's name.

George: That's who's name?

Condi:  Yes.

George: Will you, or will you not, tell me the name of the new leader of China?

Condi:  Yes, sir.

George: Yassir?  Yassir Arafat is in China? I thought he's dead in the Middle East.

Condi:  That's correct.

George: Then who is in China?

Condi:  Yes, sir.

George: Yassir is in China?

Condi:  No, sir.

George: Then who is?

Condi:  Yes, sir.

George: Yassir?

Condi:  No, sir.

George: Look Condi.  I need to know the name of the new leader of China.  Get me the Secretary General of the U.N. on the phone.

Condi:  Kofi?

George: No, thanks.

Condi:  You want Kofi?

George: No.

Condi:  You don't want Kofi.

George: No. But now that you mention it, I could use a glass of milk.  And then get me the U.N.

Condi:  Yes, sir.

George: Not Yassir!  The guy at the U.N.

Condi:  Kofi?

George: Milk!  Will you please make the call?

Condi:  And call who?

George: Who is the guy at the U.N?

Condi:  Hu is the guy in China.

George: Will you stay out of China?!

Condi:  Yes, sir.

George: And stay out of the Middle East! Just get me the guy at the U.N.

Condi:  Kofi.

George: All right! With cream and two sugars. Now get on the phone.An astronaut in space was asked by a reporter, "How do you feel?"
"How would you feel," the astronout replied, "if you were stuck here, on top of 20,000 parts each one supplied by the lowest bidder?"An engineer, a mathmatician and an arts graduate were given the task of finding the height of a church steeple (the first to get the correct solution wins a $1000).

The engineer tried to remember things about differential pressures, but resorted to climbing the steeple and lowering a string on a plumb bob until it touched the ground and then climbed down and measured the length of the string.

The Mathematician layed out a reference line, measured the angle to the top of the steeple from both ends and worked out the height by trigonometry.

However, the arts graduate won the prize. He bought the vicar a beer in the local pub and he told him how high the church steeple was.Three freshman engineering students were sitting around talking between classes, when one brought up the question of who designed the human body.

One of the students insisted that the human body must have been designed by an electrical engineer because of the perfection of the nerves and synapses.

Another disagreed, and exclaimed that it had to have been a mechanical engineer who designed the human body. The system of levers and pullies is ingenious.

"No," the third student said. "You're both wrong. The human body was designed by an architect. Who else but an architect would have put a toxic waste line through a recreation area?"A communication technician drafted by the army was at a firing range. At the range, he was given some instruction, a rifle and 50 rounds. He fired several shots at the target. The report came from the target area that all attempts had completely missed the target. 

The technician looked at his weapon, and then at the target. He looked at the weapon again, and then at the target again. He then put his finger over the end of the rifle barrel and squeezed the trigger with his other hand. The end of his finger was blown off, whereupon he yelled toward the target area: "It's leaving here just fine, the trouble must be at your end!"A salesman, and engineer, and a technician are driving in a car when, just outside of town, they get a flat tire. The three of them get out of the car and scratch their heads.

The salesman says, "Maybe I should walk into town and get us a new tire. I know that I can bargain with the man at the parts store and get us a great deal."

The engineer stops him, saying, "No, before you do that, we'll have to do some computations, figuring the grade of the road, the asphalt temperature, and the average rate of speed we will be traveling to know what kind of tire you should buy."

The technician laughs and shakes his head. "No, no, no! What's wrong with you guys? Hell, we have a spare tire in the trunk - now all we have to do is start swapping tires until we find the flat one!"Yo momma's so ugly, when she went to the house of mirrors, it collapsed.Yo mommas so old her birth certificate says "EXPIRED"How did Burger King get Dairy Queen pregnant?
He forgot to wrap the "Whopper"!!!Angie and John were in court after deciding their divorce when the problem of 'who gets to keep the kid' started to arise. Angie exclaimed that the child was hers since she could take care of the kid better than her 'wretched' husband. 

But the judge wanted to hear John's reason of why he should keep the baby. After thinking for sometime, John said, "Your honor, let me ask you a question: if you put a dollar inside a vending machine and a coke comes out, does this coke belong to you or does it belong to the vending machine?"His wife had been killed in an accident and the police were questioning Mr Finnegan.  
"Did she say anything before she died?" asked the sergeant.  
"She spoke without interruption for about forty years," said the Irishman.A blonde and her friend were tracing their names from stencils to cut out. When they ran out of room, the blonde turned the paper over and said,"Hey, there's lots more room on this side!"What do you call a woodpecker without a beak?
A headbanger.Roses are red, 
Violets are blue.
Yo momma is ugly,
And she looks just like you.Why did the Chicken Cross the Road?

Kindergarten Teacher: To get to the other side.

Aristotle: It is the nature of chickens to cross roads.

Saddam Hussein: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it.

Martin Luther King, Jr.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question.

Moses: And God came down from the Heavens, and He said unto the chicken, "Thou shalt cross the road." And the chicken crossed the road, and there was much rejoicing.

Richard M. Nixon: I just want to make one thing perfectly clear. The chicken did not cross the road. I repeat, the chicken did NOT cross the road.

Machiavelli: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The end of crossing the road justifies whatever motive there was.

Bill Gates: I have just released the new Chicken Office 2000, which will not only cross roads, but will lay eggs, file your important documents, and balance your checkbook.

Oliver Stone: The question is not, "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Rather, it is, "Who was crossing the road at the same time, whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?"

Plato: For the greater good of man. 

Karl Marx: It was a historical inevitability.

Osama Bin Laden: The chicken knew nothing of its mission (ha, ha, ha) only that it would be a martyr. 

Ronald Reagan: I forget.

Captain James T. Kirk: To boldly go where no other chicken has gone before.

Jerry Seinfield: Why does anyone cross the road? I mean, why doesn't anyone think to ask, "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place, anyway?"

Darwin: Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected in such a way that they are now genetically disposed to cross roads.

Einstein: Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road moved beneath the chicken depends on your frame of reference.

George W. Bush: The chicken crossed the road because it was an evil-doer and we smoked him outta his hole and got him on the run.

L.A.P.D: Give us five minutes with the chicken and we'll find out.

Grandpa: In my day, we didn't ask why the chicken crossed the road. Someone told us that the chicken crossed the road and it was good enough. 

Pat Buchanan: To steal a job from a decent, hard-working American.

Ralph Waldo Emerson: The chicken did not cross the road... it transcended it.

Buddha: Asking this question denies your own chicken nature.

Ernest Hemingway: To die. In the rain.

Nietzsche: The chicken does not exist.

Fox Mulder: You saw it cross the road with your own eyes. How many more chickens have to cross the road before you believe it?

Louis Farrakhan: The road, you see, represents the black man. The chicken crossed the black man in order to trample him and keep him down.

Machiavelli: The point is that the chicken crossed the road. Who cares why? The end of crossing the road justifies whatever motive there was.

Dr. Seuss: Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes! The chicken crossed the road, but why it crossed, I've not been told!

Colonel Sanders: I missed one!?A boy was late to school on the first day, and his new teacher asked, "What is your name young man?" The boy replied," Michael Gay." The teacher said," Why are you calling a kid gay? What is your name boy?" The boy said, "Michael Gay!" The teacher said," That's ENOUGH young man. Go to the principal's office. THIS SECOND!" The principal saw him and asked him," What is your name young man?" The boy says, " Michael Gay." The principal asks," Why are you calling a gay?" And what is your name?" The boy gets angry and says, "Michael Gay!" The principal says, "Thats it young man, you're suspended! The boy got home and his mother asked," Why are you in trouble?" The boy says, "Michael Gay." The mother says, "I know your name, dear, why are you in trouble?" The boy says," MICHAEL GAY!!"Man: Haven't we been on a couple dates before?
Woman: Couldn't have been. I don't make the same mistake twice.BOB- We were learning about fractions today in math class.

JOE- Oh, really? What did you learn?

BOB- One half of what I was supposed to!What's the difference between MJ and Mr. Potato Head?

MJ has more noses.


How are MJ and a Wal-Mart bag alike?

They're both plastic and hazardous to children.A boy was playing internet games on Yahoo. Finding it hilarious, he had named himself "emilycheesehotchick". One time, while playing pool, his opponent messaged to him "Want to have cyber sex...?" Curiousity took over him, and so he replied "Sure!".
Thus followed a hot and mostly one-sided cyber sex, when all of a sudden, his mother came into the room.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" asked his mother.
"I...I....I'm having cybersex with someone on Yahoo..." he replied.

The mother paused...and then asked,
"Are you emilycheesehotchick...?"What did the dick say to the condom?
Cover me, I'm goin in!Given m = money, e = evil, t = time and w = women, prove that women are evil (women = evil)
1. m = e ^ (1/2) (money is the root of all evil)
2. t = m (time is money)
3. w = t * m (women are the product of time and money)
4. w = m ^ 2 (substitution)
5. w = {e ^ (1/2)} ^ 2 (substitution)
6. w = e
Proven by mathematics - women are evil.Which comes first, Ben-Gay or Preparation H?

Ben-Gay.
After you have been gay, you'll need the Preparation H.Q:  What did the blonde say when she crossed the road?

A:  Hey!  How'd I get over here?Once upon a time in India, the Bengal tiger was on the brink of extinction, due to a vigorous hunting season. So, Prince Naranjahah ordered that no one shall kill another Bengal. Well, this led to the over abundance in zoos and animal shelters, and one day, the tigers broke loose and started attacking the citizens. The citizens then revolted and overthrew the Prince's rule.

This is the first known instance of the reign being called on account of the game.Yo momma is like a brick. She's flat on all sides and gets laid all day.Recently, Today Tonight have held a survey. The results indicate that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.Knock knock

who's there?

Ivanna

Ivanna who?

Ivanna come in, dammit!Little johnny walked into a club where people were doing the macarena. He watched them for a while, and asked someone: "What are you guys doing? Searching for your wallets?"Yo momma so fat that when she went out dressed in green she got arrested for driving a tank.Why did Humpty dumpty go to the shrink?

Cause he was half cracked.A middle school student was working at a shop for his after-school job.  He had on a Dairy Queen shirt.  A kindergarten student walked up to him and said, "Wow, I have 3 of those shirts! You must be cheap!"A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office. "Is it true," the woman wanted to know, "that the medication you prescribed has to be taken for the rest of my life?"

"Yes, I'm afraid so," the doctor told her.

There was a moment of silence before the woman continued, "I'm wondering, then, just how serious my condition is, because this prescription is marked 'NO REFILLS.'"How come people are willing to get up off their butts to search the whole room for the remote, because they refuse to get up and change channels  manually?1. People who point at their wrist while asking for the time.  I know where my watch is buddy, where is yours? Do I point at my crotch when I want to ask where the bathroom is?

2. People who are willing to get off their butt to search the whole room for the TV remote, just because they refuse to walk up to the TV and change the channel manually.

3. When people say "It's always in the last place you look". Of course it is. Why the heck would you keep looking after you've found it? Do people do this? Who and where are they?

4.  When people say, while watching a movie, "Did you see that!?" No stupidnose, I paid $9.00 to come to the theatre and stare at the ceiling up there! What did you come here for?

5.  When something is "new and improved", which is it? If it's new, then there has never been anything before it. If it's an improvement, then there must have been something before it.

6.  When a cop pulls you over and then asks if you know how fast you were going! You should know, you pulled me over!

7.  When you are waiting for the bus and someone asks you, "Did the bus come yet?" If the bus came, I would not be standing here!

8.  When people ask "Can I BORROW a piece of paper?" Sure, but please don't return the favor! It's one stupid piece of paper!

9.  When people say, "Oh you just want to have your cake and eat it too". MAN! What good is a cake if you can't eat it? What, should I eat someone else's cake instead?

10.  When people ask, "Can I ask you a question?" You didn't really give me a choice there, did ya buddy?"There once were two babies both in the same room, with their cribs next to each other. After their mom tucked the babies in for sleep, one baby went to the other baby and said, "I can tell if you are a girl or a boy." 
The other baby said, "OK, what am I then?"
 The baby went under the other babies blanket and came up a minute later, and said with a grin on his face, "You are a girl and I am a boy." 
The second baby asked, "And how do you know that?" 
The baby replied, "I know because you have pink slippers and I have blue slippers."This is a joke song ok


"I pledge allegiance to the flag, Micheal Jackson is a fag. He used to play with little toys, but now he plays with little boys."Dear Friend, 

The other day I went up to a local Christian bookstore and saw a "Honk if you love Jesus" bumper sticker. I was feeling particularly sassy that day because I had just come from a thrilling choir performance, followed by a thunderous prayer meeting, so I bought the sticker and put it on my bumper.

Boy, I'm glad I did! What an uplifting experience followed! 

I was stopped at a red light at a busy intersection, just lost in thought about the Lord and how good He is...and I didn't notice that the light had changed. It is a good thing someone else loves Jesus because if he hadn't honked, I'd never have noticed! I found that LOTS of people love Jesus!

While I was sitting there, the guy behind started honking like crazy, and then he leaned out of his window and screamed, "For the love of GOD! GO! GO! Jesus Christ, GO!" 

What an exuberant cheerleader he was for Jesus! Everyone started honking! I just leaned out of my window and started waving and smiling at all these loving people. I even honked my horn a few times to share in the love!

There must have been a man from Florida back there because I heard him yelling something about a "sunny beach"... I saw another guy waving in a funny way with only his middle finger stuck up in the air. I asked my teenage grandson in the back seat what that meant, he said that it was probably a Hawaiian good luck sign or something.

Well, I've never met anyone from Hawaii, so I leaned out the window and gave him the good luck sign back. My grandson burst out laughing ... he was enjoying this religious experience, too! 

A couple of the people were so caught up in the joy of the moment that they got out of their cars and started walking towards me. I bet they wanted to pray or ask what church I attended, but this is when I noticed the light had changed. So, I waved to all my sisters and brothers grinning, and drove on through the intersection.

I noticed I was the only car that got through the intersection before the light changed again and I felt kind of sad that had to leave them after all the love we had shared, so I slowed the car down, leaned out of the window and gave them all the Hawaiian good luck sign one last time as I drove away. 

Praise the Lord for such wonderful folks! 

Love,
GrandmaYo momma's so ugly, she looked at me and my eyes burned off.A rich Chinese family (a 36 year old dad, a 36 year old mom, and a 2 year old son) was flying in their private jet.

It ran out of fuel, and there were only two parachutes. The parents decided they could always have another son, so they grabbed the parachutes and jumped off.

When they got home, they saw their son sitting on their porch. "How the hell did you get here? And before us?" the dad said, confused.

The little boy stood up and said,

"Me Chinese, me think fast, me hold on to daddy's ass.
He make fart, I go zoom, that's how I get home so soon!"One day a little boy was at kindergarten. The teacher told the class their homework was to find the first five letters of the alphabet. 
    When the little boy got home he went to his older brother who was playing video games. "Big brother whats the first letter of the alphabet?". His big brother then said to the little boy "Shut up retard i`m sick of listening to you!". 
     Then the little boy went on to his second brother who was watching batman. " Big brother what`s the second letter of the alphabet?". The older brother who obviously wasn`t paying  attention said " Na na na na na na na Batman!".
      The little boy went on to his dad who was watching football and said "Dad whats the third letter of the alphabet?". His dad then screamed "Forty-niners, forty-niners!".
        Once again the little boy went on but this time to his mom who was cooking  buns and he said "Mom what`s the fourth letter of the alphabet?". His mom then yelled " My buns are on fire, my buns are on fire!".
          One last time the boy went to his dad again and said "Dad what`s the fifth letter of the alphabet?". His dad who was taking out the garbage sang "In the garbage in the garbage in the garbage.". 
          The little boy went to school the next day and the teacher asked him what the first letter of the alphabet is the little boy said " Shut up retard i`m sick of listening to you!". The teacher was outraged " Young man what is your name?" " Na na na na na na na Batman!". The teacher was now furious " Go down to the principal`s office right now!". The little boy listened and went down to the principal`s office.
        " All right young man since I am a nice principal i`ll let you pick how many spankings you will get".  The little boy yelled " Forty niners forty niners". So after forty nine spankings the principal looked down at the boy and said " How do you feel now?". The little boy screamed " My buns are on fire my buns are on fire!". The principal looked at the boy and said " All right lets see if i`ve straightened you up now. Where do I live?" the little boy sang " In the garbage In the garbage In the garbage"... 
...
...
...
The little boy is now in millitary school due to his abc accident.Q: Why did the blonde have tire tracks on her back?


A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK"I heard they were going to name a highway after Willie Nelson in Texas...

But be Warned: When taking this highway look out for pot holes!Did you here about the new redneck Barbie doll?





It comes with twelve kids, aids, and a welfare check.One morning, during breakfast, I say, "I had the strangest dream. It was about aliens."
My mother asks, "What are aliens?"
My father asks, "What kind?"Yo momma can be used as a weapon: she's so ugly, she'll blind house robbers!Why did the chicken cross the road?

To get away from KFCFrom the Northwest Florida Daily News comes this story of a Crestview couple who drove their car to Wal-Mart, only to have their car break down in the parking lot. The man told his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car in the lot.

The wife returned later to see a small group of people near the car. On closer inspection, she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under the chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned private parts into glaringly public ones. Unable to stand the embarrassment, she dutifully stepped forward, quickly put her hand UP his shorts, and tucked everything back into place. On regaining her feet, she looked across the hood and found
herself staring at her husband who was standing idly by.

The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his forehead.You know how young children have that special hobby of always asking "Why?" Well, one day I went to the bank to pay some bills, and my 4-year-old daughter did just so.

"Mommy, why are we coming here?"
"So mommy can pay some bills."
"Why?"
"So that we can keep our house."
"Why?"
"So that we won't have to live on the streets."
"Why?"
"Because that's what will happen if we don't pay for our house."
"Why?"
"Because that's the way it goes."
"Why?"
"Why do you keeping asking 'why?'."
"...why?"
"You're being a nuisance."
"Why?"
"Because you got that from your father."
"Why?"
"Because your father is a nuisance."
"Why?"
"I don't know, you go ask HIM and then tell me why."Knock-Knock!
Who's there?
Broken tape recorder,
Broken tape recorder who?
Broken tape recorder,
Broken tape recorder,
Broken tape recorder,
Broken tape recorder,
Broken tape recorder...Knock-Knock!
Who's there?
Pencil.
Pencil who?
Pencil fall down if you don't wear a belt.Knock-Knock!
Who's there?
Chugga Chugga Chooch
Chugga Chugga Chooch Who?
Wheeee!! A train! All aboard!1. San Diego police department, how may we help you?
2. Hi! Would you like to buy a new sofa, fridge or car? What about a vacuum?
3. Hello earthling. I am an alien. You may not know this, but right now, I am having sex with your ear.
4. Let your child answer the phone and tell them to say this: "Will you be my friend?"
5. Burp into the phone.
6. Fart into the phone.
7. Yes, I'd like to order one large mushroom pizza, and cheese sticks...
8. Hello, the president is not in his office at this moment, this is his secretary, can I take a message?
9. Saddam Hussein's headquarters. May I ask why you are calling?
10. Konnichiwa. Aji tunti wahika nu popo bwah? Bunwaf huji toe... (you get the point.)
11. Nobody's home! (hang up)
12. Push random buttons on the phone and make music with the beeps, don't stop until they hang up.
13. Be a pest, say "Why are you trying to sell me stuff?" listen to their response. Say "huh?" listen to what they say, then say "Um... what?" etc.
14. Hi this is Michael Jackson's phone-picker-upper, he's busy, please call back though...
15. Tell them to spell ICUP. Laugh when they say "I see you pee."
16. Tell them you need help, for them to send you some medication or something because you're sitting on the toilet constipated.
17. Say "Seven days..." then hang up. (like in "The Ring")Yo Momma's feet are so ashy she leaves white footprints.

Yo Momma's house is so nasty the roaches moved out.

Yo Momma's hair is so short it's ingrown.

I would stay and chat, but yo momma's water bowl is empty.Hillary Clinton went in for her yearly check-up.  
When it was finished, she asked her gynecologist how everything was. He said he was pleased and that she was in great shape, and that she was pregnant. "No way!" she exclaimed, but he assured her she was most definitely pregnant.

She stormed out of the examining room, grabbed the receptionist's phone and dialed the private line in the Oval Office. When Bill answered the phone, she shouted, "I can't believe it! I'm pregnant! You got me pregnant!"

The president didn't say anything, and she screamed, "Didn't you hear me?? I'm pregnant! You got me pregnant!"

Hesitantly, the president asked, "Um...who IS this?"A wise man once said.

I Don't know ask A Girl!

A wise man Once Said.

Life sucks and then we die.I didn't lose my mind! I sold it on Ebay...For all of you who say I need anger management...

Just to let you know, if I could control my anger, I'd destroy you with it!This was seen on a bulletin board at a grocery store:

"I have kidnapped myself. Please give me $2,000,000 and 5 tacos or you will never see me again."

And a different one:

"I'm missing, so I have gone to look for myself. If I come back here before I do, please keep me safe here until I return. Thanks!"We and You is friends. 

You smile, We smile.....

You hurt, We hurt....

You cry, We cry...

You jump off a bridge...

We gonna miss you!After a hardy Indiana rainstorm filled all the potholes in the streets and alleys, a young mother watched her two little boys playing in the puddle through her kitchen window. The older of the two, a five year old lad, grabbed his sibling by the back of his head and shoved his face into the water hole. As the boy recovered and stood laughing and dripping, the mother runs to the yard in a panic. 

 "Why on earth did you do that to your little brother?!" she says as she shook the older boy in anger. 

 "We were just playing 'church' mommy," he said. "I was baptizing him in the name of the Father, the Son and in the hole-he-goes."These are actual bumper stickers that were found on people's cars:

The proctologist called; they found your head.

I used to have a handle on life, but it broke off.

Guys; just because you have one, 
doesn't mean you have to be one.

If you can read this, I can 
slam on my brakes and sue you.

Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.

Don't like my driving? 
Then quit watching me.

Save your breath. You'll need it to blow up your date.

Some people just don't know how to drive.
I call these people "Everybody But Me,"

Try not to let your mind wander, it's too small, it'll get lost.

Welcome to America! Now, learn to speak English.Little Tommy ran to his dad and said "Daddy, daddy! Watch me count."

Tommy holds up his right hand, and, touching each finger, counts to five. "One, two, three, four, five."

"Good!" his dad exclaimed. "Can you count higher?"

Tommy pauses to think for a minute, then stretches his hand higher up in the air, past his head.

"One, two, three, four, five..."An inmate in Virginia sued himself for $5,000,000 for 'violating his rights by getting himself in prison.' However, since he can't get an income in prison, he requests that the government pay the money for him.

A woman sued Kenmore Inc., after she gave her poodle a bath. She stuck him in the microwave on low to dry him off, and is suing Kenmore for the death of her dog.

Four women have sued an Irvine restaurant after one of them claims she found a condom in her clam chowder when dining there last year.

A 10-year-old boy tried to sue his landlord, because, he says, the toilet exploded when he flushed it.

A 27-year-old man tried rocking a vending machine back and forth so he could try to steal a coke from it... and the machine fell on top of him. He is suing the station.

A woman in a California grocery store dropped a beer bottle on her foot. She is suing the store. It didn't leave any damage says reporters, but the lady claims 'it hurt.'

A man is suing American Airlines. While he was using the bathroom, the fire alarm accidentally went off. Workers broke down the bathroom door and pulled the man out, fully exposed, because they thought he was smoking. He wasn't.

A man, whose name is Jack Ass, yes, Jack (First name) Ass (Last name), sued MTV's show "Jackass" because it plagiarized his name.A priest, a minister and a guru sat discussing the best positions for prayer while a telephone repairman worked nearby. "Kneeling is definitely the best way to pray," the priest said. 

"No," said the minister. "I get the best results standing with my hands outstretched to Heaven."

"You're both wrong," the guru said. "The most effective prayer position is lying down on the floor."

The repairman could contain himself no longer. "Hey, fellas," he interrupted, "The best prayin' I ever did was when I was hangin' upside down from a telephone pole."1. Get 24 boxes of condoms and randomly put them in peoples carts when the aren't looking.
2. Set all the alarm clocks in Housewares to go off at 5-minute intervals.
3. Make a trail of tomato juice on the floor leading to the rest rooms.
4. Walk up to an employee and tell him/her in an official tone, 'Code 3' in housewares, and see what happens
5. Go the Service Desk and ask to put a bag of M&M's on lay away.
6. Move a 'CAUTION - WET FLOOR' sign to a carpeted area.
7. Set up a tent in the camping department and tell other shoppers you'll invite them in if they bring pillows from the bedding department.
8. When a clerk asks if they can help you, begin to cry and ask 'Why can't you people just leave me alone?'.
9. Look right into the security camera, use it as a mirror and pick your nose.
10. While handling guns in the hunting department, ask the clerk if he knows where the anti-depressants are.
11. Dart around the store suspiciously while loudly humming the theme from "Mission Impossible".
12.have a demolition derby with shopping carts.
13. Hide in a clothing rack and when people browse through, say "PICK ME!" "PICK ME!".
14. When an announcement comes over the loud speaker, assume the fetal position and scream "NO! NO! It's those voices again!".
15.hide in a clothing rack and when somebody walks by and sees you say "I'm on a mission".


last but not least

16. Go into a fitting room, shut the door and wait a while and then yell loudly "There is no toilet paper in here".It is important for men to remember, that as women grow older it becomes harder for them to maintain t he same quality of housekeeping as when they were younger. When you notice this, try not to yell at them. Some are oversensitive and there ain't nothing worse then an oversensitive woman. 
My name is Doug .... Let me relate how I handled the situation with my wife, Ernestine. 

When I was laid off from my consulting job and took "early retirement" in April, it became necessary for Ernestine to get a full-time job, both for extra income and for the health benefits that we needed. 

Shortly after she started working I noticed she was beginning to show her age. I usually get home from the Golf Course about the same time she gets home from work. Although she knows how hungry I am, she almost always says she has to rest for half an hour or so before she starts dinner. I don't yell at her. Instead, I tell her to take her time and just wake me when she gets dinner on the table. I generally have lunch in the Men's Grill at the club so eating out is not reasonable. I'm ready for some home cooked grub when I hit that door... 

She used to do the dishes as soon as we finished eating. But now, it's not unusual for them to sit on the table for several hours after dinner. I do what I can by diplomatically reminding her several times each evening that they won't clean themselves. I know she appreciates this, as it does seem to motivate her to get them done before she goes to bed. 

I really think my old business as a consultant helps a lot. I consider telling people what they ought to do one of my strong points... 

And speaking of bed, her age really shows up there. I go out and golf all day, come in dead tired and after a two hour nap and a good meal, I'm ready, if you know what I mean. Age has gotten her so bad that she actually dozes off during lovemaking. But that's okay. Her satisfaction in that area is important to a sensitive guy like me and if she enjoys sleeping during our little trysts, what the hey... 

Now that she has gotten older, she does seem to get tired so much more quickly. Our washer and dryer are in the basement. Sometimes she says she just can't make another trip down those steps. I don't make a big issue of this; as she finishes up the laundry the next evening, I'm willing to overlook it. 

Not only that, but unless I need something ironed to wear to the Monday lodge meeting, or to Wednesday's or Saturday's poker club, or to Tuesday's or Thursday's bowling, or something like that, I will tell her to wait until the next evening to do the ironing. This gives her a little more time to do some of those odds and ends like shampooing the dog, vacuuming or dusting... 

Also, if I had a really good day on the course and it was wet and muddy my clubs are a mess, so I let her clean them, you know..... get the grit off the grips and a little light Brillo on the club faces at a casual pace. My golf bag is heavy so I lift it out of the trunk for her. Women are delicate, have weak wrists and can't lift heavy stuff as good as men. But I did tell her I don't like to be wakened during my after golf nap, so rather then bother me, she can put them back in the trunk when she's finished. 

Another symptom of aging is complaining, I think. For example, she will say that it is difficult for her to find t ime to pay the monthly bills during her lunch hour. But boys, we take em for better or worse, so I just smile and offer encouragement. I tell her to stretch it out over two or even three days. That way she won't have to rush so much. I also remind her that missing lunch completely now and then wouldn't hurt her any (if you know what I mean). I like to think tact is one of my strong points. 

When doing simple jobs, she seems to think she needs more rest periods. She had to take a break when she was only half finished mowing the yard. I try not to make a scene. I'm a fair man. I tell her to fix herself a nice, big, cold glass of freshly squeezed lemonade and just sit for a while. And, as long as she is making one for herself, she may as well make one for me too, then take her break by my hammock. That way she can talk with me until I fall asleep. 

I know that I probably look like a saint in the way I support Ernestine. I'm not saying that showing this much consideration is easy. Many men will find it difficult. Some will find it impossible. Nobody knows better than I do, how frustrating women get as they get older. 

However, guys, even if you just use a little more tact and less criticism of your aging wife because of this article, I will consider that writing it was well worthwhile. After all, we are put on this earth to help each other... 

EDITOR'S NOTE: Doug died suddenly Thursday, January 3. He was found with a Calloway extra long 50 inch Big Bertha Driver rammed up his rectum with only 2 inches of grip showing. His wife Ernestine was arrested, but the Grand Jury accepted her defence that he accidentally sat on it and she was released on Friday, January 4th.Could you fax me your photo very very urgently? Mind you it's really very very urgent, damn serious and very important ..... I'm playing cards and we've misplaced the JOKER.This is how you know if you are addicted to the internet:

1) You kiss you girlfriend's home page.

2.) Your bookmarks list takes 15 minutes to scroll from top to bottom.

3.) Your eyeglasses have a web site burned into them.

4.) You find yourself brainstorming for new subjects to Google.

5.) You refuse to go to a vacation spot with no electricity and no phone lines.

6.) You finally do take that vacation, but only after buying a cellular modem and a laptop.

7.) You spend half of the plane trip with your laptop on your lap, and your kid in the overhead compartment.

8.) Your dreams are in HTML.

9.) You find yourself typing ".com" after every period when using a word processor.

10.) You turn your computer off and get this awful empty feeling, like you just pulled the plug of your loved one.

11.) You refer to going to the bathroom as downloading.

12.) You start introducing yourself as "Jim at I-I-Net dot net dot au"

13.) Your heart races faster and beats irredgularly each time you see a new WWW site address printed on the TV, even though you've never had heart problems before.

14.) You step out of the room and realize that your roomates have moved and you don't have any idea when it happened.

15.) You turn up the volume read loud when leaving the room so you can hear if anyone IM's you.

16.) You wife drapes a blonde wig over the monitor to remind you of what she looks like.

17.) All of your friends have an @ in their names.

18.) Looking at a pageful of someone else's links, you notice that you've been to all of them.

19.) Your dog has its own webpage.

20.) You believe nothing looks sexier than a man in boxer shorts illuminated by a 17" LCD Flat-Panel Monitor.

21.) You check your mail. It says "no new messages." so you check it again.

22.) You code your homework in HTML and give your instructor the URL.

23.) You don't know what gender three of your closest friends are, because they have neutral screennames and you never bothered to ask.

24.) You name your children Google, Friendster and Blogger.

25.) You miss more than five meals a week downloading the latest MP3's off Kazaa Lite.

26.) You start looking for hot HTML addresses in public restrooms.

27.) You wake up at 3 a.m. to go to the bathroom and stop and check your e-mail on the way back.

28.) Your virtual girlfriend finds a new sweetheart with a larger bandwidth.

29.) You buy a Captain Kirk Chair with a built in keyboard and mouse.

30.) Your wife makes a new rule: "The computer can not come to bed."

31.) The last hottie you picked up was only a jpeg.

32.) You put a pillow case over your laptop so your lover doesn't see it while you're pretending to catch your breath.

33.) You ask a plumber how much it would cost you to replace the chair in front of your computer with a toilet.

34.) You forget what year it is.

35.) You start tilting your head sideways to smile.

36.) You ask a doctor to implant a terrabyte in your brain.

37.) Your sweetie says communication is important in a marriage, so you buy another computer and network them together so that you can IM each other any time.

38.) As your car crashes through the guardrail on a mountain road, your first instinct is to search for the "back" button.

39.) You start using smileys in your snail mail

40.) You bring a bag lunch to the computer.

41.) You have withdrawals if you are away from the computer for more than a few hours.

42.) You take a speed reading course to keep up with the scrolling.

43.) You type faster than you think.

44.) You double click your TV remote.

45.) You can now type over 70 WPM.

46.) You check your e-mail and forget you have real mail.

47.) You go into withdrawals during dinner. 

48.) You rank your friends by the amount of bandwith they have.

49.) You have "Googled" all your friends to try to find out anything interesting that they are not telling you and you can use against them later. 

50.) You message someone via IM when they are less than 20 feet away.

51.) The sound of the keys clicking turns you on.

52.) You have more browsers than friends in the real world.

53.) You actually say I-M-O and A-T-M to real friends rather than 'in my opinion' and 'at the moment'. And they give you strange looks.

54.) You run four chat programs all at once... Yahoo Messenger, ICQ, AIM and MSN

55.) You sign off and your screen says you were on for 3 days and 45 minutes.

56.) You purchase a vanity car license plate with your screen name on it. 

57.) You say "he he he he" or "heh heh heh" instead of laughing.

58.) You talk on the phone with the same person you are sending an instant message to.

59.) You get up in the morning and go online before getting your coffee.

60.) Your teacher or boss recommends a drug test for the bloodshot eyes.

61.) The letters have come off your keyboard from excessive use.

62.) You order pizza online - because you can't be bothered to call.

63.) You say "SCROLL UP" when someone asks what it was you said.

64.) You look at an annoying person off-line and wish that you had your ignore button handy.

65.) You enter a room and get greeted by 25 people with {{{hugs}}} and ** kisses**.

66.) You're on the phone and say BRB.

67.) The last movie you've seen was on your Quicktime player.

And finally...

68.) You actually get these jokes and tell them to other friends who are addicted to the internet!Dear Dr. Ruth,

I'm writing to tell you my problem. It seems I have been married to a sex maniac for the past 22 years. He makes love to me regardless of what I am doing. Ironing, washing dishes, etc. I should like to know if there is anything thet yiu vwn fi gue hduuen jsy jjeh jduue jheyhdu judgge jji jjie.

njdsfhuPLEASE DON'T SMOKE IN MY OFFICE!

I enjoy sex more than you enjoy smoking but you don't see me screwing in your office.What she says: Any ring is fine, as long as I have you.

What she's thinking: No diamond? How cheap! I'll make his life a living hell! I'll put poison in his coffee! I'll cut his brake lines!

Get her a diamond, idiot!!I have the typical observant wife. One evening after dinner, she handed me a bottle of that Rogaine hair restorer. 

I told her while I was indeed starting to thin out some, I didn't really think I needed hair restorer yet. 

She said, "Oh. It's not for you, it's for your secretary, she seems to be losing quite a bit of her hair on your jacket."Dear brother,

I smile because you are my brother.
I laugh because there is absolutely nothing you can do about it!I'm not against Avril Lavigne or anything, I like her, but I heard this, and it was pretty funny. This is the changed lyric to the chorus of Complicated:

"Why'd you have to go and make me so constipated?
You see the way I'm scrunching up my pitiful face when I'm on the toilet,
And during this I - 
I push, and I strain, and I sweat, and I pray, Dear Lord, that you'll let it come out;
Sooner or later I'll have to leave the bathroom,
Yeah, yeah, yeah..."These are phrases found on funny T-shirts:

*(camoflauge) Ha! Now you can't see me!
* He did it -->
*The leprechauns are after my stash.
*I do what the voices tell me to do...
*Not the brightest crayon in the box, are we?
*See no homework, Speak no homework, Hear no    homework, DO NO HOMEWORK.
*I bet you were an ugly baby.
*(Picture of Simpsons on it) I see dumb people...
*I didn't do it.
*(Scribbles all over it) Don't drink and draw.
*(Picture of skunk) Silent but deadly...
*He farted -->
*(Picture of gas station) I have gas!
*(Squirrels) Protect your nuts.
*I'm out of bed and dressed, what more do you want?
*Help! I talk too much!
*(Upside down) If you can read this, please send me back to the bar...
*The closest I got to an 86% average in college was my alcohol blood level.
*My parents think I'm in school
*My girlfriend thinks I'm out of town
*FOR SALE
*(Big smilie) I'm no longer a danger to society!Batman once wrote on the wall, "Superman is a wimp."

The next day, Superman wrote "Batman is Bruce Wayne."You Know You're Addicted to Ebay When...
 
1.) Every time you go to the grocery store, you offer the cashier one cent more for each item in the cart of the person in front of you.

2.) To cut costs, FedEx and UPS are considering relocating their operations centers to your house.

3.) Sitting on the floor of your empty apartment, you stare at your fingers and wonder whether they'll sell better, individually or as a matched set.

4.) Your spouse is loving and caring, but you decided to file for divorce because you need the storage space.

5.) You're the reason they adopted the "No selling your children's vital organs" policy.

6.) You find yourself searching eBay auctions for milk, eggs and bread.

7.) When your wife agrees to have sex with you, you become suspicious, and ask how many other bidders there were.

8.) Just ask your kids if you're addicted, eRay and eFaye.

9.) After a particularly passionate night, you lean over and whisper in your spouse's ear, "Excellent service, great communication! Would recommend again! AAAA++++!"

10.) You set your alarm clock for 3 am, so you can log on to protect your bid.

11.) You've called someone a naughty name for outbidding you at the last second.

12.) You've questioned your sanity because of the price you've bid... more than once.

13.) You've changed all your clocks to "eBay official time (PDT)."

14.) You've bid on something even though the picture doesn't show up correctly.

15.) You've purposely run up the bid on something similar for which you paid more.

16.) You've rolled your eyes at the word "antique" or "vintage" used on something made in the past decade.

17.) You've gritted your teeth each time you've clicked on a description that uses the word "L@@K."

18.) You've turned up the volume on your email alert so you'll never miss an Outbid Notice.

19.) You've made "My eBay" your default home page.

20.) You've emailed a seller to correct their description with accurate dates or details.

21.) You've come to rely on "convenience cash" from PayPal and wish you could pay all your bills like that.

22.) You've earned a "Shooting Star" Feedback Profile for more than 10,000 purchases!

23.) You won't go to estate auctions because they don't take PayPal.

24.) You actually get these jokes and tell them to other friends who are addicted to Ebay!A zebra had died and when he got to Heaven he asked the guard, out of curiosity, if he was white with black strips or black with white strips.  The guard said that he would see God roaming around Heaven and the zebra could ask Him.  A couple weeks later he finally sees God and asks, "Out of curiosity, am I white with black stripes or black with white strips."  God answered, "You are what your are."  The zebra was puzzled, but went along anyway.  A few days later the zebra sees the guard again.  The guard said, "So did you see God? What did he say?"  The zebra replied, "Well, he said 'You are what are what your are.'"  The guard  goes, "Oh, then it means that you are white with black stripes."  The zebra asked, "How do you know?"  The guard answered, "If you were black with white stripes, He would have said 'You is what you is'."Announcer, at a diving competition: 
"Ladies and gentlemen, we have both good and bad news to announce. The good news is that the dive just performed was fantastic and the judges have managed to give it a full score of ten. The bad news is... there was no water in the pool."You Know You're Addicted to Video Games When...
 
1.) Your wife tells you that you are, and your two kids; Mario, and Sonic; agree with her.

2.) Whenever something bad happens, you reach for the pause button.

3.) You can microwave and eat a pizza  using only your feet.

4.) You've spent so much time playing Tony Hawk Pro Skater 4 -- you actually taught youself how to skateboard.

5.) You've worn out the buttons in the elevator of your apartment.

6.) The only joystick you play with anymore is plugged in to your Xbox.

7.) You've decided you won't go outside anymore due to the 'tacky graphics, poor sound and low playability.'

8.) You've moved your PS2 into the bathroom -- just in case you make it to the next level on Vice City.

9.) Your hands are so gnarled from gripping the controller, you can't even tie your shoes.

10.) You ask your doctor how many lives you have left. 

11.) You actually get these jokes and tell them to other friends who are addicted to video games!Memorize these definitions and pooping at work will become a pure pleasure.

ESCAPEE: A fart that slips out while taking a leak at the urinal or forcing poop in a stall. This is usually accompanied by a sudden wave of panic/embarrassment. This is similar to the hot flash you receive when passing an unseen police car & speeding. If you release an escapee, do not acknowledge it. Pretend it did not happen. If you are standing next to the farter at the urinal, pretend that you did not hear it. No one likes an escapee, it is uncomfortable for all involved. Making a joke or laughing makes both parties feel uneasy.

JAILBREAK (Used in conjunction with escapee): When forcing a poop, several farts slip out at a machine gun's pace. This is usually a side effect of diarrhea or a hangover. If this should happen do not panic, remain in the stall until everyone has left the bathroom so to spare everyone the awkwardness of what just occurred.

COURTESY FLUSH: The act of flushing the toilet the instant the nose cone of the poop log hits the water and the poop is whisked away to an undisclosed location. This reduces the amount of air time the poop has to stink up the bathroom. This can help you avoid being caught doing the WALK OF SHAME.

WALK OF SHAME: Walking from the stall, to the sink, to the door after you have just stunk-up the shitter. This can be a very uncomfortable moment if someone walks in and busts you. As with all farts, it is best to pretend that the smell does not exist. Can be avoided with the use of a COURTESY FLUSH.

OUT OF THE CLOSET POOPER: A colleague who poops at work and is damn proud of it. You will often see an Out of the Closet Pooper enter the bathroom with a newspaper or magazine under their arm. Always look around the office for the Out OF THE CLOSET POOPER before entering the bathroom.

THE POOPING FRIENDS NETWORK (PFN): This is a group of coworkers who band together to ensure emergency pooping goes off without incident. This group can help you to monitor the whereabouts of OUT OF THE CLOSET POOPERS and identify SAFE HAVENS.

SAFE HAVEN: A seldom used bathroom somewhere in the building where you can least expect visitors. Try floors that are predominantly of the opposite sex. This will reduce the odds of a pooper of your sex entering the bathroom.

TURD BURGLAR: A pooper who does not realize that you're in the stall and tries to force the door open. This is one of the most shocking and vulnerable moments that occur when taking a dump at work. If this occurs, remain in the stall until the TURD BURGLAR leaves. This way you will avoid all uncomfortable eye contact. TURD BURGLARS have been know to cause premature pinchage, which inevitably causes you to pinch one off in the middle.

CAMO-COUGH: A phony cough which alerts all new entrants into the bathroom that you are in a stall. This can be used to cover-up a WATERMELON or to alert potential TURD BURGLARS. Very effective when used in conjunction with an ASTAIRE.

ASTAIRE: This is a subtle toe-tap that is used to alert all potential TURD BURGLARS that you are occupying a stall. This will remove all doubt that the stall is occupied. If you hear an ASTAIRE, leave the bathroom immediately so the pooper can poop in peace.

WATERMELON: A turd that creates a loud splash when hitting the toilet water. This is also an embarrassing incident. If you feel a WATERMELON coming on, create a diversion. See CAMO-COUGH.

HAVANA OMELET: A load of diarrhea that creates a series of loud splashes in the toilet water. Often accompanied by an escapee. Try using a CAMO-COUGH with an ASTAIRE.

UNCLE TED: A bathroom user who seems to linger around forever. Could spend extended lengths of time in front of the mirror or sitting on the pot. An UNCLE TED makes it difficult to relax while on the crapper, as you should always wait to drop your load when the bathroom is empty. This benefits you as well as the other bathroom attendees.

FLY BY: The act of scouting out a bathroom before pooping. Walk in, check for other poopers. If there are others in the bathroom, leave and come back again. Be careful not to become a FREQUENT FLYER. People may become suspicious if they catch you constantly going into the bathroom.Why the sun lightens our hair, 
but darkens our skin? 

Why can't women put on mascara 
with their mouth closed? 

Why don't you ever see the headline 
"Psychic Wins Lottery"? 

Why is "abbreviated" such a long word? 

Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"? 

Why is it that to stop Windows 98, 
you have to click on "Start"? 

Why is lemon juice made with 
artificial flavor, and dishwashing liquid 
made with real lemons? 

Why is the man who invests all your money 
called a broker? 

Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour? 

Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? 

When dog food is new and 
improved tasting, who tests it? 

Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes? 

Why do they sterilize the needle 
for lethal injections? 

You know that indestructible black box 
that is used on airplanes?????
Why don't they make the whole plane 
out of that stuff?! 

Why don't sheep shrink when it rains? 

Why are they called apartments 
when they are all stuck together? 

If con is the opposite of pro, 
is Congress the opposite of progress?An elderly gentleman went to see his doctor and asked for a prescription of Viagra.

The doctor said, "That's no problem. How many do you want?" 

The man answered, "Just a few, maybe 4, but cut each one in 4 pieces." 

The doctor said, "That won't do you any good." 

The elderly gentleman said, "That's all right. I don't need them for sex any more as I am over 90 years old. I just want
it to stick out far enough so I don't pee on my shoes.""An extraordinarily handsome man decided he had the  responsibility to marry the perfect woman so they could produce beautiful children beyond compare.

With that as his mission he began searching for the perfect woman.

Shortly there after he met a farmer who had three stunning, gorgeous daughters that positively took his breath away.  So he explained his mission to the farmer,  asking for permission to marry one of them.

The farmer simply replied, "They're lookin' to get married, 
so you came to the right place. Look 'em over and pick the one you want."

The man dated the first daughter. 

The next day the farmer asked for the man's opinion. 

"Well," said the man, "she's just a weeeeee bit,
not that you can hardly notice, pigeon-toed."

The farmer nodded and suggested the man date one
of the other girls; so the man went out with the second daughter.

The next day, the farmer again asked how things went. 

"Well,"the man replied, "she's just a weeeee bit, 
not that you can hardly tell, cross-eyed."

The farmer nodded and suggested he date the third girl 
to see if things might be better. So he did.

The next morning the man rushed in exclaiming,

"She's perfect, just perfect. She's the one I want to marry." 

So they were wed right away.Months later the baby was born. When the man visited the nursery he was horrified: the baby was the ugliest, most pathetic human you can imagine. He rushed to his father-in-law asking how such a thing could happen considering the beauty of the parents.

"Well," explained the farmer, "She was just a weeeee bit, not that you could hardly tell, pregnant when you met her."THE COMMON FART 

The Common Fart is the fart heard most often. It is a very close relative of the "Ripper", but is released with less force. It is usually heard in groups where people aren't yet comfortable with farting amongst each other. Therefore, one person in the group gets up some nerve and releases this common-sounding fart in such a manner that everyone now feels comfortable with group flatulence.. Usually there is no smell with the Common Fart. 

THE ANXIOUS FART 

The Anxious Fart is let in a place where someone does not want the fart to be heard. 
You may have seen men and women in book stores or grocery stores, or even on the street, letting these farts. 
They are generally controlled, usually barely audible, and require much skill to master. 

THE COUGHING FART 

The Coughing Fart is one that the farter tries to cover up with a cough. My dad used to let these farts all the time when he worked at the Bingo Hall. He would stand at the back of the hall and cough, just as a nice "common fart" was let. It can be embarrassing for the farter, and those around the farter, if the timing is off at all, or if the fart is longer than anticipated. 

THE WET FART 

The Wet Fart is one that sounds quite juicy. Quite often this fart is cause for alarm, 
and an indication that a trip to the toilet is imminent.

THE BLOWER 

This fart is similar to the ripper, except it has a bit of a hollow, windy sound to it. 
This is due to farter blowing all the gas out quickly. This fart will almost always get a laugh. 

TIGHT BUN FART 

This fart is always recognizable. It sounds like the farter's 
buns were so tight that he/she was in pain while farting. 

THE RIPPER

One of the best farts around is The Ripper. It is loud, rough, and always raises an eyebrow or two. Characteristics of The Ripper often show up in other farts, but make no mistake - 
this fart is a single, powerful gas-bubble that comes screaming from the farter's buttWhy did the penny become angry with the nickel?

Because the nickel was a "penny pincher".What did one tradesman say to another?

I hope you have a "barter" day tomorrow.A mother and a her daughter go to a restaurant for breakfast to celebrate her birthday. The restaurant is known for its imported cheeses.
 The mother asks, "Would you like some cheese, my angel?" The little girl says,"Sure, but can you take out the holes in the cheese?"You Know You're Addicted to Caffeine When...
 
1.) You haven't slept since the Clinton Administration.

2.) Your next-door neighbors often call to complain about the sound of your chattering teeth.

3.) Instead of Tic Tacs, you suck on Vivarin.

4.) You plan to name your twins "Cappuccino" and "Espresso."

5.) On the way to work you get pulled over for speeding and you don't even have your car.

6.) You kill a guy for trying to switch your regular coffee to decaffeinated Folgers.

7.) You wake up in the middle of the night screaming "Pepsi! For the love of God, I need Pepsi!"

8.) When a Maxwell House commercial comes on, you actually lick the TV screen.

9.) You drink so much coffee it starts shooting out your ears.

10.) You're shaking like Michael Jackson on his wedding night.

11.) You think sleep is for the weak.

12.) You've just had your 20th cup of coffee within 20 minutes on a Friday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, just so "the milk doesn't go bad over the weekend."

13.) You believe that the coffee bean is a vegetable.

14.) You know from experience caffeine tablets don't dissolve in cola. 

15.) You wake up to Mountain Dew, before switching to JOLT.

16.) You can name five flavors of JOLT.

17.) You have a mini-fridge under your desk... and a catheter.

18.) You drink decaf by accident and slip into a coma.

19.) You think Mountain Dew is the stuff great decisions are made of.

20.) You regard the fact that your hands are shaking as a good sign.

21.) You have tattooed across the knuckles of your hands "JOLT" and "COLA."

22.) Your birthday is a national holiday in Colombia.

23.) You go to sleep just to wake up and smell the coffee.

24.) Your coffee pot is next to your bed and your alarm clock is in the kitchen.

25.) You've used an airplane's call button just to get a coffee refill.

26.) You've knelt and prayed before a Starbuck's logo.

27.) Your web page has the Mountain Dew color scheme.

28.) You have distilled Jolt Cola to make it more potent.

29.) The dishes in your house are all coffee cups. 

30.) You see nothing wrong with using water joe (caffeinated water) to make the coffee you use to take your no-doze.

31.) You believe that sleep is simply a poor substitute for coffee.

32.) It's 6:09 AM and you're on your 2nd 20 oz. cup of coffee.

33.) You have to drink some form of caffeinated beverage just to sleep.

34.) You'd rather be beaten over the head with a sledgehammer than give up that first cup of coffee in the morning.

35.) You've given up sex, TV, or all forms of meat for Lent before, but can't make it 40 days without caffeine.

36.) You suck on a used coffee filter (full of coffee grounds) whenever the can runs out of coffee.

37.) You dip espresso beans.

38.) You actually get these jokes and tell them to other friends who are addicted to caffeine.A famous blonde actress and her husband are going to meet an American. However, her husband has forgotten the young man's name. Later, the young man asks for an autograph. She asks, trying to find his name out, "How do you spell your name?" Upon hearing this, he said,"B-E-N A long time ago when I saw your first play on Broadway and got an autograph, you knew how to spell it."Knock knock.

Who's there?

No one.

No one who?

No one to tell you who's here!One day Little Jimmy has a dentist appointment. The appointment is during 7:20 to 8:20, which is the first hour of Little Jimmy's school. The appointment went fine, but Little Jimmy's mom had to get up from bed early to take Little Jimmy to his appointment, so she is a little tired. Little Jimmy's mother gives him a note, and she instructs him to give the note to his teacher. Little Jimmy doesn't look at the note, then when he gets into his classroom, he hands the note to his teacher, just as his mother had instructed. His teacher took the note, took a glance at it, then fainted. Little Jimmy and his classmates ran over to her to look at the note to see what all the commotion was. The note read,
 "Little Jimmy had a dentist appointment today. I'm sorry for his absence. Please let him be executed at school today.  Signed, Tara Fox."Why did the blonde bury her walkman?
Because the batteries were dead.How does a stereotypical blonde spell "farm"?
E-I-E-I-OTo be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little.

To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.Cartoon Laws of Physics
Cartoon Law I Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of its situation.
Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland. He loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to look down. At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per second per second takes over.

Cartoon Law II Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter intervenes suddenly.
Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely. Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the stooge's surcease.

Cartoon Law III Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation conforming to its perimeter.
Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole. The threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.

Cartoon Law IV The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it inevitably unsuccessful.

Cartoon Law V All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel them directly away from the earth's surface. A spooky noise or an adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole. The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.

Cartoon Law VI As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of altercation at several places simultaneously. This effect is common as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.
A wacky character has the option of self-replication only at manic high speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.

Cartoon Law VII Certain bodies can pass through solid walls painted to resemble tunnel entrances; others cannot.
This trompe l'oeil inconsistency has baffled generations, but at least it is known that whoever paints an entrance on a wall's surface to trick an opponent will be unable to pursue him into this theoretical space.
The painter is flattened against the wall when he attempts to follow into the painting. This is ultimately a problem of art, not of science.

Cartoon Law VIII Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
Cartoon cats possess even more deaths than the traditional nine lives might comfortably afford. They can be decimated, spliced, splayed, accordion-pleated, spindled, or disassembled, but they cannot be destroyed. After a few moments of blinking self pity, they reinflate, elongate, snap back, or solidify.
Corollary: A cat will assume the shape of its container.

Cartoon Law IX Everything falls faster than an anvil.

Cartoon Law X For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance.
This is the one law of animated cartoon motion that also applies to the physical world at large. For that reason, we need the relief of watching it happen to a duck instead.

Cartoon Law Amendment A A sharp object will always propel a character upward.
When poked (usually in the buttocks) with a sharp object (usually a pin), a character will defy gravity by shooting straight up, with great velocity.

Cartoon Law Amendment B The laws of object permanence are nullified for "cool" characters.
Characters who are intended to be "cool" can make previously nonexistent objects appear from behind their backs at will. For instance, the Road Runner can materialize signs to express himself without speaking.

Cartoon Law Amendment C Explosive weapons cannot cause fatal injuries.
They merely turn characters temporarily black and smokey.Reacting to Federal guidelines, the State of FLORIDA, which has been highlighted as a role model for student testing by the Bush Administration's Dept. of Education, has redesigned and just released a new comprehensive test to be given to all students beginning in the spring of the 2004-2005 school year.

In response to President Bush's Federal No Child Left Behind Act, students will have to pass it to be promoted to the next grade level.
In the hopes that it will be uniformly adopted by all the states, it will be called the Federal Arithmetic and Reading Test or (FART).

All students who cannot pass a FART in the second grade will be retested in grades 3, 4, and 5 until such a time as they are capable of achieving a FART score of 80%. If a student does not successfully FART by grade 5, that student shall be placed in a separate English program, the Special Mastery Elective for Learning Language (SMELL).

If with this increased SMELL program the student cannot pass the required FART test, he or she can graduate to middle school by taking a one-semester course in Comprehensive Reading and Arithmetic Preparation (CRAP).

If by age fourteen, the student cannot FART, SMELL, or CRAP,he will earn his promotion in an intensive one-week seminar. This is the Preparatory Reading for Unprepared Nationally Exempted Students (PRUNES).

It is the opinion of the Florida Department of Public Instruction (DPI) that an intensive week of PRUNES will enable any student to FART, SMELL, or CRAP. 
This revised provision of the student-testing component of House Bill 110 should help clear the air.

This is part of the: "No School Left Standing Act".These are some real people's names, and what they grew up to be. They are all true:

1.) Iccolo Miccolo played the piccolo for the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra.

2.) H.M. Balmer was a funeral director in Fort Collins, Colorado.

3.) Miss Birdie Snyder married C. Canary and became Birdie Canary.

4.) Perhaps it was best to ignore the orders of Dr. Besick, a doctor in Chicago, Illinois.

5.) The Clipper brothers worked as barbers in Bakersfield, California.

6.) Mr. Thrift of Keepit, Australia, won the $30,000 first prize in a lottery.

7.) D. Sharp was a radio tenor.

8.) Dr. H.A. Toothacre worked as dentist for the Burlington, Iowa, Independent School District.

9.) B.F. Parsons was a parson who lived in the parsonage on Parson Street in Sarna, Michigan.

10.) Greg Lawless was a police officer.

And Finally...

11.) A.C. Current was an electrical contractor in Tontogany, Ohio.  His son's name? D.C. Current.Here are some actual town's names:

1.)  Two Egg, a town in Florida, was named for a system of barter used in the area after the Civil War, when two eggs were regularly traded for a bag of tobacco or sugar.

2.)  Ed and Uz are the shortest place names in the United States. Both towns are in Kentucky.

3.)  Slovenskanarodnapodpornajednota is a town in Pennsylvania. It has one of the longest names in the United States, but it covers only 500 acres and has only 11 residents, one mailbox, and one pay phone.

4.)  Onoville, New York, was given this name because each time someone suggested a name at a town council meeting, the person was greeted by a chorus of "Oh, no!"

5.)  Show Low is the name of a town in Arizona that was won in a game of chance.  Two frontiersmen, dissolving a partnership, agreed the town site would go to the one who drew the low card.

6,)  Pig's Eye was the former name of St. Paul, the capital of Minnesota.

And Finally...

7.)  Snowflake, a town in Arizona, was named after Erastus Snow and William Flake.What's the difference between a Mexican and a Bench?

A bench can support a whole family.What I Want in a Man, Original List
1. Handsome
2. Charming
3. Financially successful
4. A caring listener
5. Witty
6. In good shape
7. Dresses with style
8. Appreciates finer things
9. Full of thoughtful surprises
10. An imaginative, romantic lover 

What I Want in a Man, Revised List (age 32)
1. Nice looking (prefer hair on his head)
2. Opens car doors, holds chairs
3. Has enough money for a nice dinner
4. Listens more than talks
5. Laughs at my jokes
6. Carries bags of groceries with ease
7. Owns at least one tie
8. Appreciates a good home-cooked meal
9. Remembers birthdays and anniversaries
10. Seeks romance at least once a week 

What I Want in a Man, Revised List (age 42)
1. Not too ugly (bald head OK)
2. Doesn't drive off until I'm in the car
3. Works steady - splurges on dinner out occasionally
4. Nods head when I'm talking
5. Usually remembers punch lines of jokes
6. Is in good enough shape to rearrange the furniture
7. Wears a shirt that covers his stomach
8. Knows not to buy champagne with screw-top lids
9. Remembers to put the toilet seat down
10. Shaves most weekends 

What I Want in a Man, Revised List (age 52)
1. Keeps hair in nose and ears trimmed
2. Doesn't belch or scratch in public
3. Doesn't borrow money too often
4. Doesn't nod off to sleep when I'm venting
5. Doesn't retell the same joke too many times
6. Is in good enough shape to get off couch on weekends
7. Usually wears matching socks and fresh underwear
8. Appreciates a good TV dinner
9. Remembers your name on occasion
10. Shaves some weekends 

What I Want in a Man, Revised List (age 62)
1. Doesn't scare small children
2. Remembers where bathroom is
3. Doesn't require much money for upkeep
4. Only snores lightly when asleep
5. Remembers why he's laughing
6. Is in good enough shape to stand up by himself
7. Usually wears some clothes
8. Likes soft foods
9. Remembers where he left his teeth
10. Remembers that it's the weekend 

What I Want in a Man, Revised List (age 72)
1. Breathing
2. Doesn't miss the toiletMen: know what they want to be doing five years down the road.
Guys: are not sure what they want to be doing later tonight.

Men: read Crichton, watch Rather, play golf.
Guys: read King, watch Seinfeld, play poker.

Men: wear ties with stripes, shirts with buttons, and shoes with laces.
Guys: wear high school T-shirts they've actually owned since high school.

Men: think perfume (yours) is a turn-on.
Guys: think sweat (theirs) is a turn-on.

Men: balance their checkbooks.
Guys: balance their loans so that they never hit up the same buddy twice in a row.

Men: claim to be feminist but still insist on opening doors, driving, and paying for dinner.
Guys: claim to be feminists so they can let YOU open doors, drive, and pay for dinner.

Men: are afraid of becoming their fathers.
Guys: are afraid of becoming men.

Men: put you on the phone when their mothers call.
Guys: pretend you're not there when their moms call.

Men: start their own businesses.
Guys: quit their jobs.

Men: are experts on women's erogenous zones.
Guys: are experts on their own erogenous zone.

Men: order wine based on more than the price.
Guys: bring their own beer.Because I'm a guy, I must hold the television remote control in my hand while I watch TV. If the thing has been misplaced, I'll miss a whole show looking for it, though one time I was able to survive by holding a calculator.

Because I'm a guy, when I lock my keys in the car I will fiddle with a wire clothes hanger and ignore your suggestions that we call a road service until long after hypothermia has set in.

Oh, and when the car isn't running very well, I will pop the hood and stare at the engine as if I know what I'm looking at. If another guy shows up, one of us will say to the other, "I used to be able to fix these things, but now with all these computers and everything, I wouldn't know where to start." We will then drink beer.

Because I'm a guy, when I catch a cold I need someone to bring me soup and take care of me while I lie in bed and moan. You never get as sick as I do, so for you this isn't an issue.

Because I'm a guy, I can be relied upon to purchase basic groceries at the store, like milk or bread. I cannot be expected to find exotic items like "cumin" or "tofu." For all I know these are the same thing. And never, under any circumstances, expect me to pick up anything for which "feminine hygiene product" is a euphemism.

Because I'm a guy, when one of our appliances stops working I will insist on taking it apart -- despite evidence that this will just cost me twice as much once the repair person gets here and has to put it back together.

Because I'm a guy, I don't think we're all that lost, and no, I don't think we should stop and ask someone. Why would you listen to a complete stranger -- how the heck could HE know where we're going?

Because I'm a guy, there is no need to ask me what I'm thinking about. The answer is always either sex or football, though I have to make up something else when you ask, so don't.

Because I'm a guy, I do not want to visit your mother, or have your mother come visit us, or talk to her when she calls, or think about her any more than I have to. Whatever you got her for Mother's Day is okay, I don't need to see it. Did you remember to pick up something for my mom, too?

Because I'm a guy, I am capable of announcing, "one more beer and I really have to go," and mean it every single time I say it, even when it gets to the point that the one bar closes and my buddies and I have to go hunt down another. I will find it increasingly hilarious to have my pals call you to tell you I'll be home soon, and no, I don't understand why you threw all my clothes into the front yard. What's the connection?

Because I'm a guy, you don't have to ask me if I liked the movie. Chances are, if you're crying at the end of it, I didn't.

Because I'm a guy, yes, I have to turn up the radio when Bruce Springsteen or The Doors comes on, and then, yes, I have to tell you every single time about how Bruce had his picture on the cover of Time and Newsweek the same day, or how Jim Morrison is buried in Paris and everyone visits his grave. Please do not behave as if you do not find this fascinating.

Because I'm a guy, I think what you're wearing is fine. I thought what you were wearing five minutes ago was fine, too. Either pair of shoes is fine. With the belt or without it looks fine. Your hair is fine. You look fine. Can we just go now?

Because I'm a guy and this is, after all, the new millennium, I will share equally in the housework. You do the laundry, the cooking, the cleaning and the dishes. I'll do the rest.1. Women love to shop. It is the one area of the world where they feel like they're actually in control. 

2. Women especially love a bargain. The question of "need" is irrelevant, so don't bother pointing it out. Anything on sale is fair game. 

3. Women never have anything to wear. Don't question the racks of clothes in the closet; you "just don't understand". 

4. Women need to cry. And they won't do it alone unless they know you can hear them. 

5. Women will always ask questions that have no right answer, in an effort to trap you into feeling guilty. 

6. Women love to talk. Silence intimidates them and they feel a need to fill it, even if they have nothing to say. 

7. Women need to feel like there are people worse off than they are. That's why soap operas and Oprah Winfrey-type shows are so successful. 

8. Women don't need sex as often as men do. This is because sex is more physical for men and more emotional for women. Just knowing that the man wants to have sex with them fulfills the emotional need. 

9. Women hate bugs. Even the strong-willed ones need a man around when there's a spider or a wasp involved.

10. Women can't keep secrets. They eat away at them from the inside. And they don't view it as being untrustworthy, providing they only tell two or three people. 

11. Women always go to public restrooms in groups. It gives them a chance to gossip. 

12. Women can't refuse to answer a ringing phone, no matter what she's doing. It might be the lottery calling. 

13. Women never understand why men love toys. Men understand that they wouldn't need toys if women had an "on/off" switch. 

14. Women think all beer is the same. 

15. Women keep three different shampoos and two different conditioners in the shower. After a woman showers, the bathroom will smell like a tropical rain forest. 

16. Women don't understand the appeal of sports. Men seek entertainment that allows them to escape reality. Women seek entertainment that reminds them of how horrible things could be. 

17. If a man goes on a seven-day trip, he'll pack five days worth of clothes and will wear some things twice; if a woman goes on a seven-day trip she'll pack 21 outfits because she doesn't know what she'll feel like wearing each day. 

18. Women brush their hair before bed. 

19. Watch a woman eat an ice cream cone and you'll have a pretty good idea about how she'll be in bed. 

20. Women are paid less than men, except for one field: Modeling. 

21. Women are never wrong. Apologizing is the man's responsibility, "It's there in the Bible". Hmmm, who was it that gave Adam the apple? 

22. Women do not know anything about cars. "Oil-stick, oil doesn't stick?" 

23. Women have better restrooms. They get the nice chairs and red carpet. Men just get a large bowl to share. 

24. The average number of items in a typical woman's bathroom is 437. A man would not be able to identify most of these items.

25. Women love cats. Men say they love cats, but when women aren't looking, men kick cats.

26. Women love to talk on the phone. A woman can visit her girlfriend for two weeks, and upon returning home, she will call the same friend and they will talk for three hours.

27. A woman will dress up to go shopping, water the plants, empty the garbage, answer the phone, read a book, or get the mail.

28. Women will drive miles out of their way to avoid the possibility of getting lost using a shortcut.

29. Women don't try as hard as men during sex; after all, they don't fall asleep afterwards.

30. Women do NOT want an honest answer to the question, "How do I look?"

31. PMS stands for: Permissible Man-Slaughter. (Or at least men think it means that. PMS also stands for Preposterous Mood Swings and Punish My Spouse. 

32. The first naked man a women sees is "Ken". 

33. Women are insecure about their weight, butt, and breast sizes.

34. Women will make three right-hand turns to avoid making one left-hand turn.

35. "Oh, nothing," has an entirely different meaning in woman-language than it does in man-language.

36. Lewis Carroll's Caterpillar had nothing on women.

37. Women cannot use a map without turning the map to correspond to the direction that they are heading.

38. All women are overweight by definition; don't agree with them about it. Women always have 5 pounds to lose, but don't bring this up unless they really have 5 pounds to gain.

39. If it is not Valentines day and you see a man in a flower shop, you can probably start up a conversation by asking, "What did you do?"

40. Only women understand the reason for "guest towels" and the "good china".

41. Women want equal rights, but you rarely hear them clamoring to be let into the draft to cover the responsibilities that go with those rights. All women seek equality with men until it comes to sharing the closet, taking out the trash, and picking up the check.

42. Origin of the word "woman" is: woo-man.

43. If a man ticks off a woman she will often respond by getting a fuzzy toilet cover which warms their rear, but makes it impossible for the lid to stay up, thus it constantly gets peed on by the guys (which gets them in more trouble).

44. Women never check to see if the lid is up. They seem to prefer taking a flying butt leap towards the bowl and then chewing men out because they "left the seat up" instead of taking two seconds and lowering it themselves.

45. Women can get out of speeding tickets by pouting. This will get men arrested.

46. Women don't really care about a sense of humor in a guy despite claims to the contrary. You don't see women trampling over Tom Cruise to get to Gilbert Gottfried, do you?

47. Women fake orgasm because men fake foreplay.

48. It's okay for women to dance with each other and not be gay. You don't see straight men dancing together.

49. Women will spend hours dressing up to go out, and then they'll go out and spend more time checking out other women. Men can never catch women checking out other men; women will always catch men checking out other women.

50. The most embarrassing thing for women is to find another woman wearing the same dress at a formal party. You don't hear men say, "Oh-my-GOD, there's another man wearing a black tux, get me outta here!"Banta Singh got tired of being the butt of jokes, and decided to do his PhD. Banta was looking out for a unique subject to write his thesis when he saw a cockroach. Banta placed the cockroach on the table and cuts one of its leg. Then he said "Walk". The cockroach moves forward. Then Banta cut its second leg and commanded "Walk". The cockroach manages to moves forward. Then Banta cut its third leg and commanded "Walk". The cockroach manages to wriggle forward on one leg. Finally Banta cut its fourth leg and said "Walk". The poor cockroach could not move and lay helplessly on the table. He repeats the same with over 1000 cockroaches. He finds that the results in all his experiments match. Banta is jubilant.

"Now," says Banta "My thesis is ready!" and proceeds to write it:

"When you cut four legs of a cockroach, it becomes deaf."A group of drug dealers from Mexico tried transporting 6,240 pounds of marijuana to America, by hiding it in a tanker truck disguised as a gasoline truck. They were clever, but not bright. They misspelled the name of the gas station on the side of the truck.

A woman was arrested in Lake City, Florida for robbery of a motel. She was armed with only an electric chainsaw that was not plugged in.

Police in Idaho were amused when they arrived to write up a burglary, and the homeowner told them that the thief had taken his VCR, his bong, and his stash of marijuana. The police ticketed the guy for possession of drug paraphernalia.

A girl went to a Taco Bell and asked for a taco with minimal lettuce. The guy behind the cash register said, "Sorry, we only have iceberg lettuce."

A student in Belle, West Virginia was suspended for 3 days for giving a friend a cough drop. The principal reiterated the school's 'Zero tolerance policy.'Many authors are disputing who wrote the Shakespeare plays. They each say they did. In their arguing, they decide to try and prove who wrote it by first showing Shakespeare's work, then theirs. 

Shakespeare version:
TITANIA to BOTTOM
Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful.

Jack London's version:
TITANIA to BOTTOM
You're as wise as the snowy owl and as beautiful as the clear night sky with fresh white snow under the Northern lights.

Dr. Seuss' version:
TITANIA to BOTTOM
You're as attractive as green eggs on a plate and the way you sing is fantastically great!

Homer's version:
TITANIA to BOTTOM
Be you as wise as Odysseus and as beautiful as fair Helen.

Guess who won.Good Ev'nin America! I, George Dubya Bush, confess that I wrote the Shakespeare plays. First of all, I'm very intellentifull. I didn't mean to confusinate you, but I'm just that smart. Do not misunderestimate me because I can't prononunce n-n-n-uclar -you know what I mean. Shakespeare was in my axis of evil, so I wrote the plays. I mean, who would write plays like "A Homedy of Terrors, Nothing to Say about Something, The Naming of my Poo, Porklet, and A Late Winter's Ice Cream?" I must also give credit to my Secretary of State, Donald Rumpelstiltskin for playing an interceptun on my fumble.Girl, "Oh, Superman I love you so much!"

Superman,"I don't blame you."CAT 1- So how'd that milk drinking contest go?

CAT 2- Oh, I won by six laps.Little Johnny: Hey dad, are bugs good to eat?

Dad: Son, let's not talk about that at the dinner table, okay?

Little Johnny and his dad were talking after dinner...

Dad: So what did you want to say about bugs?

Little Johnny: Oh, nothing. There was one in your soup, but it's gone now!A photographer from a well-known national magazine was assigned to cover the recent Southern California fires. The magazine wanted to show some of the heroic work of the firefighters as they battled the blazes. 

When the photographer arrived, he realized that the smoke was so thick that it would seriously impede or make it impossible for him to photograph anything from ground-level. 

So he requested permission to rent a plane and take photos from the air. His request was approved, and arrangements were made. He was told to report to a nearby airport, where a single-engine plane would be waiting for him. 

He arrived at the airport and saw a plane warming up near the gate. He jumped in with his bag and shouted, "Let's go!" The pilot swung the plane into the wind, and within minutes they were in the air. 

The photographer said, "Fly over the park and make two or three low passes so I can take some pictures." 

"Why?" asked the pilot. 

"Because I am a photographer for a national magazine," he responded, "and I need some close-up shots." 

The pilot was silent for a moment; finally he stammered, "So, you're telling me you're not the flight instructor?"Jesus was wandering around Jerusalem when He decided that He really needed a new robe. After looking around for a while, He saw a sign for Finkelstein, the Tailor. So, He went in and made the necessary arrangements to have Finkelstein prepare a new robe for Him. A few days later, when the robe was finished, Jesus tried it on and it was a perfect fit! 

He asked how much He owed, but Finkelstein brushed him off: "No, no, no, for the Son of God? There's no charge! However, may I ask for a small favor?" Whenever you give a sermon, perhaps you could just mention that your nice new robe was made by Finkelstein, the Tailor." 

Jesus readily agreed and as promised, extolled the virtues of His Finkelstein robe whenever He spoke to the masses. 

A few months later, while Jesus was again walking through Jerusalem, He happened to walk past the Finkelstein shop and noted a huge line of people waiting for Finkelstein robes. 

He pushed his way through the crowd to speak to him and as soon as Finkelstein spotted Him he said: "Jesus, Jesus, look what you've done for my business! Would you consider a partnership?" 

"Certainly," replied Jesus. " 'Jesus & Finkelstein' it is." 

"Oh, no, no," said Finkelstein. " 'Finkelstein & Jesus'. After all, I am the craftsman." 

The two of them debated this for some time. Their discussion was long and spirited but ultimately fruitful, and they finally came up with a mutually acceptable compromise. 

A few days later, the new sign went up over Finkelstein's shop. 

And of course, this shop is still here to this day. Can you guess what it is? Now this may hurt a bit...
Don't say you weren't warned...

LORD & TAYLORBOB: Hey, I ran into George the other day.

JOE: Oh, really? Was he happy to see you?

BOB: Well, we were in our cars at the time...There once was a priest who had to spend the night in a hotel and offered the hat check girl to come up to his room for dinner.

After a while he started advancing on her when she stopped him and reminded him he was a holy man.

"It's o.k.," he replied, "it's written in the Bible."

So after a wild night of sex the hat check girl asked to see where in the Bible it says it's okay.

The priest picks up the Bible off the dresser opens to the first page where someone wrote in pencil - "The hat check girl puts out!"Yo Momma is so fat that when she put on a yellow jacket  kids tried to get on it to go to school because they thought it was a bus.A rancher walked up to the window at the post office, where a new clerk was sorting mail. 
"Any mail for Mike Howe?" the rancher asked.

The clerk ignored him and the rancher repeated his question in a louder voice. Without looking up, the clerk said, "No, none for your cow and none for your horse, either."Q: Now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning? 

Q: The youngest son, the twenty-year old, how old is he? 

Q: Were you present when your picture was taken? 

Q: Was it you or your younger brother who was killed in the war? 

Q: Did he kill you? 

Q: How far apart were the vehicles at the time of the collision? 

Q: You were there until the time you left, is that true? 

Q: How many times have you committed suicide?With all the sadness and trauma going on in the world at the moment, it is worth reflecting on the death of a very important person which almost went unnoticed last week. Larry La Prise, the man who wrote "The Hokey Pokey", died peacefully at age 93.

The most traumatic part for his family was getting him into the coffin. They put his left leg in - then the trouble started.A 14-year old boy was helping his mom wash the dishes after dinner on a beautiful day.  He says, "Mom, can I go outside? I want to play football."  His mom says, "OK, but on one condition: you let your little brother play with you and your friends."  The teenager replied with, "But mom, we already tried that. This time I want to play with a real football!"This is a list of what I have learned so far in my life:

1.) Always smile. It makes adults wonder what you're up to.

2.) Golf is no longer a rich man's sport. There are millions of poor players.

3.) If at first you DO succeed, try to hide your astonishment.

4.) It takes a thousand nuts and bolts to put a car together, yet just one nut to scatter it all over the road.

5.) NEVER play leapfrog with a unicorn.

6.) NEVER ask your dad to help you with your math homework, unless you want a 4-hour lecture.

7.) When things look black, send them to the laundry.

8.) Be tolerant of those who disagree with you. After all, they're entitled to their stupid opinions!It was Superbowl Sunday for the animals, and the Elephants were playing the Cows. The whole first half of the game, the Elephants got their butts whipped. The cows were winning by a mile. By halftime, the Elephants were about ready to give up. But at the start of the second half, a new player ran on to the field. It was a Centipede! He was so fast the cows couldn't even get within five feet of him. In no time, the Elephants had twice as many points as the cows. 
At the end of the game, the coach of the Elephants thanked the centipede for helping them win the Super Bowl. "But I just want to know, why didn't you come out until halftime?"
The centipede answered, "It took me that long to put my shoes on!"A man and his wife were arguing when the man commented smugly, "You know, women talk so much! They talk twice as much as man do!"
The wife thought for a while and said, "The reason women talk so much is because they have to repeat everything they say."

The man frowned. Then he said, "What?"A number of Primary Schools were doing a project on "The Sea." Kids were asked to draw pictures or write about their experiences. Teachers got together to compare the results and put together some of the comments that were funny and some that were sad. Here are some of them. The kids were all aged between 5 and 8 years: 

This is a picture of an octopus. It has eight testicles. (Kelly age 6) 

Whales are animals, not fish. If they don't get air they can drown, like my brother did last summer. (David age 7) 

Oysters' balls are called pearls. (James age 6) 

If you are surrounded by sea you are an Island. If you don't have sea all around you, you are incontinent. (Wayne age 7) 

I think sharks are ugly and mean, and have big teeth, just like Emily Richardson. She's not my friend no more. (Kylie age 6) 

A dolphin breaths through an asshole on the top of it's head. (Billy age 6) 

My uncle goes out in his boat with pots, and comes back with crabs. (Millie age 6) 

When ships had sails, they used to use the trade winds to cross the ocean. Sometimes, when the wind didn't blow, the sailors would whistle to make the wind come. My brother said they would be better off eating beans. (William age 7) 

I like mermaids. They are beautiful, and I like their shiny tails. How do mermaids get pregnant? (Helen age 7) 

I'm not going to write about the sea. My baby brother is always screaming and being sick, my Dad keeps shouting at my Mom, and my big sister has just got pregnant, so I can't think what to write. (Amy age 8) 

Some fish are dangerous. Jelly fish can sting. Electric eels can give you a shock. They have to live in caves under the sea where I think they have to plug themselves into chargers. (Christopher age 7) 

My mom has fish nets, but doesn't catch any fish (Laura age 5) 

When you go swimming in the sea, it is very cold, and it makes my willy small. (Kevin age 6) 

A submarine goes under the water like a fish, but it has lots of seamen inside. (Emma age 8) 

When I grow up, I want to be captain of a big ship, and have lots of sailors. (Valerie age 6) 

On holiday my Mom went water skiing. She fell off when she was going very fast. She says she won't do it again because water shot up her fanny. (Julie age 7)The top 10 signs your best mate is actually a secret agent....

1. His shoe keeps ringing.

2. When you borrow something from him, it explodes after a week.

3. When you drive his car, you accidentally shoot down the AA Roadwatch helicopter.

4. Various other items he owns self-destruct within five seconds of being handled.

5. He introduces himself with his surname then his first name then his surname again.

6. The dashboard of his new sports car resembles an airplane cockpit.

7. Commutes to the office using a jet pack.

8. "Where do I work? Uh... in the Financial Services Centre! Heheh..."

9. Asks to borrow your exploding pens.

10. Favourite phrase is "Yeah, baby... yeah!"A homeless man stops at a farmhouse to beg to spend the night. The farmer answers the door and says, "Sure, we can put you up." 

The vagrant washes up for dinner and meets the family downstairs. Sitting at the dinner table are the farmer, his wife, their son, and a gigantic pig who is sitting at the table like a human. Throughout the meal the vagrant tries not to stare at the pig, who sports three medals around his neck, as well as a wooden leg.

Finally, he can contain his curiosity no longer. He asks, "Would you mind telling me about the bronze medal around your pig's neck?" 

The farmer says, "Sure. It's really an incredible story. Little Timmy here was swimming in the lake when he got a cramp and started to drown. This pig heard his cries for help, busted out of his pen, ran to the lake, and saved our son's life. So, we gave him the medal."

The vagrant is amazed and says, "Well, how about that silver medal?" 

The farmer says, "A few months ago our house caught fire in the middle of the night while we were all sleeping. This pig saw the flames, busted out of his pen and ran into the house, waking us up in time. To show our gratitude we gave him that silver medal."

The homeless man says, "While I'm at it, I might as well ask you about the gold medal."

The farmer says, "My wife was attacked by a burglar several weeks ago. This pig heard her cries, busted out of his pen, and chased that man far away. To show my thanks I gave him that gold medal"

The homeless man sits in awe of the pig, who is blithely eating his meal with a knife and fork. He asks, "What about the wooden leg?"

The farmer says, "Well, you don't eat a pig like THAT all at once!"If a man speaks in the middle of the forest and no women are around to hear him, is he still wrong?Some common phrases that bees should know:

Are you are hipbee?

How comb?

Hive already finished.You Know You're Addicted to AIM When...
 
1.)  Three words: Carpal tunnel syndrome

2.)  You no longer type with proper punctuation, capitalization, or complete sentences...

3.)  You're pissed off your buddy list can only hold 200 screen names.

4.)  You begin to say hehehe instead of laughing.

5.)  You can now type over 70 words per minute.

6.)  You type messages to people who are right next to you or on the phone with you.

7.)  You won't work at a company that blocks AIM

8.)  You sign on and immediately get 10 messages from other people

9.)  You have a couple screen names, some of them secret.

10.)  You type in random screen names, just to see if anyone has them.

11.)  Your screenname has the year 2002 or earlier in it.

12.)  You know what %n means.

13.)  You don't break for the bathroom - even though you've got to go real bad - until you think of a witty away message.

14.)  You check the away messages of your buddies, every day, just to make sure they haven't changed. 

15.)  You have a few people on your buddy list just to spy on them. 

16.)  You've had a meaningful conversation with a bot.

17.)  You learned Photoshop to make a super cool buddy icon.

18.)  You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends who are addicted to AIM!This Is A True Senior's Moment:

An elderly couple had dinner at another couple's house, and after eating, the wives left the table and went into the kitchen. The two elderly gentlemen were talking, and one said, "Last night we went out to a new restaurant, and it was really
great. I would recommend it very highly."

The other man said, "What is the name of the restaurant?" 

The first man thought and thought and finally said, "What is the name of that flower you give to someone you love? You know... the one that is red and has thorns."

"Do you mean a rose?" 

"Oh, yes," the man said, and then he turned toward the kitchen and yelled, "Rose, what's the name of that restaurant we went to last night?"A new jewelry store was opening for the first time.  On the front of the store, there was a sign that said "Popular Prices".  A man looked at the sign and walked right in.  He asked the employee at the desk, "How much for that pearl necklace?"
"14,000 dollars."
"What? How are those popular prices?" 
The employee replied meekly, "We like 'em."You might be a redneck if you list your dog or cat as a dependent on your taxes.
You might be a redneck if you have never been on a main road.
You might be a redneck if you drive a minivan to the prom.
You might be a redneck if the most expensive jewelery you have came from Dollar General.You have more than three first names.
 
You drove a monster truck to the prom.

You are marrying your brother-in-law. 

You go out, get drunk, and come home with a tatoo of your momma's name.

Your last name is your first name spelled backwards

You are readiing these jokes!!!Bob was joining the army and they were handing out rifles when he arrived, so he got in line. When it got to Bob, they had run out of guns. The man issuing rifles gave him a broom
''This is a magic broom -- point it at anybody, say 'Bangity bangity bang,' and they will die.'' Bob was really worried because he didn't think it would work, but he got in line for bayonets, thinking he might stand a chance if he could stab them to death. As luck would have it, Bob's turn came and they had ran out. 
''Don't worry.'' said the man issuing them out. ''I will give you this magic carrot -- point it at somebody, say 'Stabbity stabbity stab,' and they will die." Now Bob is terrified, going into battle with a broom and carrot, when the sirens go off, signaling invasion. Bob goes out, only to be laughed at by the enemy. One enemy even comes up to him, hoping to get a good shot at him. Well, Bob didn't have anything to lose so he pointed at him and said ''Bangity bangity bang!'' and the guy fell down dead. He did the same thing with the magic carrot. Amazed at what was happening, he continued to fight. Then, a guy came slowly up to him and he would not die. Bob tried to shoot and stab him, but he wouldn't die. The last words poor Bob heard as he was being trampled over were ''Tankity tankity tank.''Once there was an old couple who went to the doctor for their checkup. They were told that nothing was physically wrong with them, but that they were both suffering from memory loss, and may want to start writing things down.
     That night when the couple is at home watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair.
     "Where are you going?" the curious wife asks.
     "To the kitchen."
     "Okay. Can you get me something while you're in there?"
     "Sure. What?"
     "I'd like some ice cream please."
     The man starts to walk into the kitchen. The wife asks, "Shouldn't you write it down?"
     "Nah. I don't need to. You want ice cream. I can remember that."
     "Wait. I just remembered. I want strawberries on it too. Shouldn't you write it down? I'm not sure you can remember all of that."
     "I told you, I've got it. So you want ice cream with strawberries on top? 
      "Yes. And oh! I'd like some whipped cream too if we have some. Are you sure you don't want to write that down?"
       The husband is irritated now. "Yes! You want ice cream with strawberries and whipped cream! Geez!" He walks off into the kitchen muttering to himself.
        Twenty minutes later, the husband comes out of the kitchen with a plate of bacon and eggs, which he places in front of her. She just kind of stares at it for a minute, then looks up at him. "Where's my toast?"A man was taking a walk around town one day and he passed a sign saying 'Talking dog for sale $5'. He thought it was a scam, but he went to see what was up anyway. 
 When he got to the porch a dog came up to him. Deciding to be a smart aleck, he asked the dog if it could talk. 
 The dog said, "Yes, I can. I am the one mentioned in the sign. You can go inside and talk to my owner if you want to buy me."
 The man asked, "How come you can talk?"
 The dog answered, "I was a secret CIA experiment. They altered my genes and I used to be a covert agent. I led to many gang busts and stopped a lot of assassination attempts. Once they learned I told my owner about the cases, they kicked me out and now I am stuck here."
The man was in awe and went to talk to the dog's owner Bob. 
 He asked why the dog was so cheap since he was in the CIA and Bob said, "Was he telling YOU that too?! He tells that to everybody. The reason he is so cheap is because I can't believe a word he says. He's a compulsive liar! The most exciting thing he has ever done is lick his own butt instead of the cat's for a change!"There was a tailor in a little village who was known to brutally attack and torture his wife by clobbering her head with a club and stab her with needles. The villagers decided that they should bring the tailor to justice, so they arrested him and took him to the village elders. The elders believed everyone should have a second chance, so they gave the tailor one last chance. They told him," We will give you one last chance for you and your wife to share sorrow and happiness together. If you don't, you will be sent to the gallows to be hanged." The villagers gleefully looked on as the tailor somberly walked home. 
 The first few weeks went well, but after that, the tailor started clobbering his wife on the head again. When he was brought to the village elders and asked for his alibi, the tailor said," I stayed true to my word, for when I hit my wife on the head, I am full of happiness and she is full of sorrow. When I miss, she is full of happiness and I am full of sorrow."
 The elders had no choice but to let him go.1. Stand perfectly still at the front window until someone on the street notices you. Quickly pull the blinds down, then, seconds later, peer around the blinds at them. Proceed until they a) Go away, or b) Call the police.

2. Play the same CD on every stereo in the house at once. Try to synchronize them.

3. SCARE YOUR PETS!!! Then cuddle them. THEN SCARE THEM AGAIN!!! Then cuddle them. Ahh, a nice, quiet cuddle--SCARE!!! No baby, it's okay... SCARE!!! If they run away, they'll be back, for food; make sure you're ready for action when they return.

4. Sit on the front porch with a bottle of scotch. Yell abuse at pedestrians. Say nonsense. Wave your arms. Yell. For bonus points, colour a tooth black beforehand.

5. Hide in the bushes near your mailbox and wait for the mailman to arrive. When he reaches for the mailbox, scream as loud as you can. If he tries again, scream again.

6. Report a robbery to the police. When they arrive and ask what was stolen, reply "Only my heart," and give them a long, warm hug.

7. If you live in an apartment, continually tap morse code for "SOS" on the neighbours' walls. If they come to your door, deny any knowledge of the signals. Continue tapping once they leave.

8. Search for secret passages.

9. Turn everyone's clothes inside out, and carefully put them back in place.

10. Explore your sexuality using other people's toothbrushes.

11. Superglue all of the furniture to the ceiling. Oh, sure, it may take you over 3 days of solid hard labour, but boy, imagine the looks on their faces!

12. Establish a permanent fort in the main TV room of the house. Refer to it as "Control Base Alpha". Store food supplies and ammunition in there.

13. Drink!

14. Set up whoopie cushions around the house. Offend yourself.

15. Grab the walking lead for your dog and yell "WALKIES!" (or whatever gets your dog excited); then put the lead back, sit down, and watch TV.

16. Rummage through the darkest corner of the freezer with your eyes shut. Eat the first thing you grab.

17. Gather up all the spare change hidden behind the couch, chairs, and bed frames. Throw it at passing cars.

18. Go through the history and cache of each computer in the house. Take notes for blackmailing purposes.

19. Zip yourself up in the bean bag, staying as still as possible. When people return and someone sits on you, yell "TUBBS McGRAVITY!"

20. Discover which storage spaces your cat fits into.Stupidity is not a crime... So you're free to go!You're so old your social security number is 1!Going to bed the other night, I noticed people in my shed, stealing things. I phoned the police but was told nobody was in the area to help. They said they would send someone over as soon as possible. I hung up.

A minute later, I phoned again. "Hello" I said, "I called you a minute ago because there were people in my shed. You don't have to worry now because I shot them."

Within minutes, there were half a dozen police cars in the area, plus helicopters and an armed response unit. They caught the burglars red-handed.

One of the officers said, "I thought you said you shot them." To which I replied, "I thought you said there was no one available."A mother found her son scooping ice cream in the kitchen and she was mad.

Mom : "Dinner is going to be ready in an hour, put that ice cream away and go play."

Son : "But mom, there's no one to play with."

Mom : "I'll play with you, what do you wanna play?"

Son : "Lets play mommy and daddy, you go upstairs and lay down on the bed."

The mom said "ok", and went upstairs. The son put on his dad's fishing hat and lit up one of his dad's cigarettes. He went upstairs and opened the door.

Mom : "Now what do I do?"

Son : "Get your ass out of bed, you whore, and fix that kid some friggin ice cream."I may be schizophrenic, but at least I have each otherYou were so ugly as a baby, your incubator was tinted.The doctors were talking about their work.
"I had great success with one of my patients," said the first doctor. "When he came to me, he thought he was as small as a mouse."
"And you cured him?" the second docter asked.
"I convinced him that many of the world's greatest men were small," the first docter said, "He was doing quite well. Then - I lost him."
"What happened?"
"It was an accident," the doctor sighed sadly, "A pussy cat ate him."Oscar got to the broken down inn and asked for a room.

"I have only one room left," said the innkeeper, "But before I give it to you, I must tell you that room is where the white-eyed ghost lives."
Oscar wasn't worried. "I'll take the room," he said, "I'm not afraid of ghosts."

That night, when Oscar went to bed, a scary voice said, "Boooo! I am the white-eyed ghost...."
"Shut up!" Oscar said, "i'm tired!"

"Boooooo" the ghost said again, "I am the white-eyed ghost!"

Oscar sat up, reached over, picked up a chair and threw it at the ghost, who disappeared. Oscar lay down again and shut his eyes.

"Boooooo!" moaned the voice from the darkness, "I am the black-eyed ghost...."Once the head teacher of a primary school walked into a classroom and started firing questions at the students.

Head Teacher: "Who made the world?"

The students shivered with fright but no one answered.

Head Teacher: "Children,I asked, WHO MADE THE WORLD?"

The teacher's voice was getting louder and the kids were freaking out.

The head teacher banged his fist on the front desk and yelled: "I SAID, WHO MADE THE WORLD?"

One of the students on the front seat yelled out in fright, 
"OH PLEASE SIR, IT WASN'T ME!"A mom was wanting to get her boobs enlarged. Unfortunately for her, she didn't have enough money to get it done. In fact, she had exactly half the money needed.  She was telling her son, Little Benny, "Honey, Mommy really wants to get a boob job.  But Mommy has only half the money."  She hung her head, and her son said puzzled, "Well why can't mommy just pick one?"My family has no traditions. We just do the same thing, over and over again, each year.Knock-knock?

Who's there?

Estelle.

Estelle Who?

Estelle am waiting for you to open this door!LADY TO BEGGAR- Why don't you get a job?

BEGGAR- Actually, I'm an author.  I once wrote a book entitled "One Hundred Ways to Make Money."

LADY- Well then why are you begging?

BEGGAR- It's one of my ways..."So what's your dog's name?"

"I don't know. He won't tell me."One fine day in the middle of the night,
Two dead men got up to fight,
Back to back they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other,
A paralyzed donkey passing by,
Kicked a blind man in the eye,
Knocked him through a nine-inch wall
Into a dry ditch and drowned them all.PATIENT:  "Doctor can you help me?  It's my hearing.  I can't even hear myself cough."

DOCTOR: "Okay, have this prescription filled."

PATIENT: "Oh, will it improve my hearing?"  

DOCTOR: "No, but it will help you cough better."FOREST WARDEN:  "Which of you saw this rare tree get cut down?

CAMPER:  "Only the chain saw."Here are some books that should never be written:

Workaholism, by Anita Dayoff

Never Say Goodbye, by C.U. Latta

Crowd Control, by General Panic

Amazing Facts, by G. Willikers

The Last Supper, by M.T. Potts

Fast Food, by Eaton Run

The Bee Hive, by I. Ben Stung

Turn Off The Light, by Les Watts

Cattle Ranching, by Brandon D. Bull

Bullfighting Mistakes, by Gordon BluddyCUSTOMER:  "Look at that watch you sold me.  It broke.  You told me it would last a lifetime."

CLERK: "Yeah, well you looked pretty sick the day you bought it."JUDGE:  "The court can produce a dozen witnesses who saw you rob the bank."

ROBBER:  "Big deal! I can bring in hundreds of people who didn't see it!"DOCTOR: "Do you smoke or drink?"

PATIENT:  "I didn't know I had a choice."A pious man, who had reached the age of 105, suddenly stopped going to synagogue. 

Alarmed by the old fellow's absence after so many years of faithful attendance, the Rabbi went to see him. He found him in excellent health, so the Rabbi asked, "How come after all these years we don't see you at services anymore?"The old man lowered his voice. "I'll tell you, Rabbi," he whispered. "When I got to be 90, I expected God to take me any day. But then I got to be 95, then 100, then 105. So, I figured that God is very busy and must've forgotten about me, and I don't want to remind Him!"PIANO PLAYER: "Do you think I have a gift for playing?"

LISTENER:  "No, but I'll give you one for stopping!"One day a man with a box walked in a bar. He sat down, opened the box and out popped a leprechaun. The man told the bartender, "I want a pint of beer and a shot of whiskey for my buddy here." 
There was man sitting at the end of the bar watching all of this and, after the leprechaun drank his shot of whiskey, he ran down to the end of the bar and spit in the guy's face, then he ran back. 

The guy with the box said, "I'll have another beer and a shot of whiskey for my buddy here." 

After the leprechaun drank his shot of whiskey, he again ran to the end of the bar and spit in the man's face, then dashed back. 

The guy with the box ordered another beer for himself and another shot for the leprechaun. Again, after the leprechaun drank his shot of whiskey, he ran down to the end of the bar. But this time the man was waiting for him and he grabbed the leprechaun and held him in the air. 

He said, "If you spit in my face again, I'm going to cut your wiener off." 

The leprechaun laughed and said, "Leprechauns don't have wieners." 

Then the man said, "If you don't have wieners, then how do you pee?" 

"By spitting," said the leprechaun.yo momma so short that when she sat on the curb her legs swingYou know you're addicted to Wocka.com when...

1.)  You have dreamt of Wocka in your sleep, and have actually made up a joke in your sleep.

2.)  You've added people to your buddy list JUST to see the last time that they've logged in.

3.)  The top username in the rankings is your idol.

4.)  You have a notebook filled up with all the jokes you've made up.

5.)  If you get up in the middle of the night to use the restroom, you just HAVE to check how your new joke is doing, along with reading a "quickie" joke.

6.)  You know the Wocka point system by heart. (hmmmmm)

7.)  As you read this list, you're thinking about forwarding it to your friends.

8.)  The only way that you keep in contact with your friends is by sending them jokes from Wocka.

9.)  You twitch after you have been without Wocka for a long period of time (2 days for me!)

10.)  You have cussed someone out just because they submitted a joke before you.

11.)  You have cussed someone out just because they reported your joke as a dupe.

12.)  As you read this list, you keep nodding your head and smiling.  You also say things like, "Oh crap," and "Whoops!"

13.) You know that the blonde category has the most jokes in it.

14.)  You have seen a joke, not on another website, but on WOCKA, and you submit the EXACT SAME joke just to see if it gets a higher ranking than the other one.

15.)  You have a pet named "Wocka."

16.)  You have a couple other friends that you have made an agreement to rate each other's jokes full smileys.

17.)  After reading #13, you actually thought of going to the blonde jokes just to see how many jokes there are in the blonde category.

AND NOW YOU'RE LAUGHING AT YOURSELF!Tyler and Katz, two judges, were each arrested on speeding charges. When they arrived in court on the appointed day, no one was there, so instead of wasting time waiting around they decided to try each other. Motioning Tyler to the stand, Katz said, "How do you plead?"

"Guilty."

"That'll be fifty dollars and a warning from the court." 

Katz stepped down and the two judges shook hands and changed places. "How do you plead?" asked Tyler.

"Guilty."

Tyler reflected for a moment. "These reckless driving cases are becoming all too common of late," he pointed out. "In fact, this is the second such incident in the last quarter hour. That'll be two hundred dollars and ten days in jail."The following is a basic guide to Valentine's Day survival for men, which was faxed to Robert Kirby, The Salt Lake
Tribune, by the nice ladies down at "Romance Anonymous," formerly known as "Men Are Pigs But We Can't Kill Them."

STEP ONE: The minimum requirement is to let the woman know you care. The least expensive way is to look at her --
preferably somewhere on her face -- and say, "I love you, [her name here]". If you forget her name, don't bother with the rest of the steps. You're dead.

STEP TWO: A Valentine card is an acceptable nonverbal token of appreciation. Best of all, it's cheap. Good Valentines are pink with lots of lace and have cute words such as "I'll love my sugar bunny forever and ever and ever and ... " Bad Valentine cards say, "Good for one free quart of motor oil."

STEP THREE: Candy. For some scientific reason that makes no sense, women regard chocolate the same way men view beer. While a handful of M&Ms is OK, women tend to expect something a bit nicer. Wrapped up for starters.

STEP FOUR: Jewellery. A bit pricier, especially if you did not bother with steps 1-3. If you did, you might get by with a small but hideously expensive ring, necklace, or tiara. Keep in mind most women, even in Utah, do not consider aluminium, tin or a Mylar balloon to be a precious metal.

STEP FIVE: Lingerie. Be careful. Not only does it have to be the right size and caliber, it must also match any of the 8 billion feelings she currently has about herself. To be safe, tell the clerk you're looking for something that can't be used to strangle you in your sleep.

STEP SIX: Romantic getaways are good for couples with more than no kids. Studies prove that not even bacteria can reproduce when a toddler is beating on the bedroom door with a Fisher-Price toy. Depending on the size of your family, the romantic getaway may have to cross at least three international boundaries.

STEP SEVEN: Unlike men, women give points for trying. So do something. Anything is better than nothing. If you don't believe me, I can show you last year's knot still on the back of my head.AIRPLANE: What Mom impersonates to get a 1-yr.-old to eat strained beets.

ALIEN: What Mom would suspect had invaded her house if she spotted a child-sized creature cleaning up after itself.

APPLE: Nutritious lunchtime dessert which children will trade for cupcakes.

BABY: 1. Dad, when he gets a cold. 2. Mom's youngest child, even if he's 42.

BATHROOM: a room used by the entire family, believed by all (except Mom) to be self-cleaning.

BECAUSE: Mom's reason for having kids do things which can't be explained logically.

BED & BREAKFAST: Two things the kids will never make for themselves.

CARPET: Expensive floor covering used to catch spills and clean mud off shoes.

CAR POOL: Complicated system of transportation where Mom always winds up 
going the furthest with the biggest bunch of kids who have had the most sugar.

CHINA: Legendary nation reportedly populated by children who love leftover vegetables.

COOK: 1. Act of preparing food for consumption. 2. Mom's other name.

COUCH POTATO: What Mom finds under the sofa cushions after the kids eat dinner.

DATE: Infrequent outings with Dad where Mom can enjoy worrying about the kids in a different setting.

DRINKING GLASS: Any carton or bottle left open in the fridge.

DUST: Insidious interloping particles of evil that turn a home into a battle zone.

DUST RAGS: See "DAD'S UNDERWEAR."

EAR: A place where kids store dirt.

EAT: What kids do between meals, but not at them.

EMPTY NEST: See"WISHFUL THINKING."

ENERGY: Element of vitality kids always have an oversupply of until asked to do something.

"EXCUSE ME": One of Mom's favorite phrases, reportedly used in past times by children.

EYE: The highly susceptible optic nerve which, according to Mom, can be "put out" by anything from a suction-arrow to a carelessly handled butter knife.

FABLE: A story told by a teenager arriving home after curfew.

FOOD: The response Mom usually gives in answer to the question "What's for dinner tonight?" See "SARCASM"

FROZEN: 1. A type of food. 2. How hell will be when Mom lets her daughter date an older guy with a motorcycle.

GARBAGE: A collection of refuse items, the taking out of which Mom assigns to a different family member each week, then winds up doing herself.

GENIUSES: Amazingly, all of Mom's kids.

GUM: Adhesive for the hair and carpet.

HAMPER: A wicker container with a lid, usually surrounded by, but not containing, dirty clothing.

HANDI-WIPES: Pants, shirt-sleeves, drapes, etc.

HANDS: Body appendages which must be scrubbed raw with volcanic soap and sterilized in boiling water immediately prior to consumption of the evening meal.

HINDSIGHT: What Mom experiences from changing too many diapers.

HOMEMADE BREAD: An object of fiction like the Fountain of Youth and the Golden Fleece.

ICE: Cubes of frozen water which would be found in small plastic tray if kids or husbands ever filled the darn things instead of putting them back in the freezer empty.

INSIDE: That place that will suddenly look attractive to kids once Mom has spent a minimum of half an hour getting them ready to go outside.

"I SAID SO": Reason enough, according to Mom.

JACKPOT: When all the kids stay at friends' homes for the night.

JEANS: Which, according to kids, are appropriate for just about any occasion, including church and funerals.

"JEEEEEEEEZ!": Slang for "Gee Mom, isn't there anything else you can do to embarrass me in front of my friends?"

JOY RIDE: Going somewhere without the kids.

JUNK: Dad's stuff.

KETCHUP: The sea of tomato-based goop kids use to drown the dish that Mom spent hours cooking and years perfecting to get the seasoning just right.

KISS: Mom medicine.

LAKE: Large body of water into which a kid will jump should his friends do so.

LEMONADE STAND: Complicated business venture where Mom buys powdered mix, sugar, lemons, and paper cups, and sets up a table, chairs, pitchers and ice for kids who sit there for three to six minutes and net a profit of 15 cents.

LIE: An "exaggeration" Mom uses to transform her child's papier-mache volcano science project into a Nobel Prize-winning experiment and a full-ride scholarship to Harvard.

LOSERS: See "Kids' Friends"

MAKEUP: Lipstick, eyeliner, blush,etc. which ironically make Mom look better while making her young daughter look "like a tramp."

MAYBE: No.

MILK: A healthful beverage which kids will gladly drink once it's turned into junk food by the addition of sugar and cocoa.

"MOMMMMMMM!": The cry of a child on another floor who wants something.

MUSH: 1. What a kid loves to do with a plateful of food. 2. Main element of Mom's favorite movies.

NAILS: A hard covering on the end of the finger, which Mom can never have a full set of due to pitching for batting practice, opening stubborn modeling clay lids and removing heat ducts to retrieve army men and/or doll clothing.

OCEAN: What the bathroom floor looks like after bath night for kids, assorted pets, two or three full-sized towels and several dozen toy boats, cars and animals.

OPEN: The position of children's mouths when they eat in front of company.

OVERSTUFFED RECLINER: Mom's nickname for Dad.

PANIC: What a mother goes thru when the darn wind-up swing stops.

PENITENTIARY: Where children who don't eat their vegetables or clean their rooms eventually end up, according to Mom.

PETS: Small, furry creatures which follow kids home so Mom will have someone else to clean up after.

PIANO: A large, expensive musical instrument which, after thousands of dollars worth of lessons and constant harping by Mom, kids will refuse to play in front of company.

PURSE: A handbag in which Mom carries the checkbook and keys she can never find because they're buried under tissues, gum wrappers, a plastic container full of cereal, toys from a fast-food restaurant, a teddy bear, a football, wallpaper samples, a grocery list and several outdated coupons.

QUIET: A state of household serenity which occurs before the birth of the first child and occurs again after the last child has left for college.

RAINCOAT: Article of clothing Mom bought to keep a child dry and warm, rendered ineffective because it's in the bottom of a locker stuffed in a book bag or because the child refuses to wear "the geeky thing."

REFRIGERATOR: Combination art gallery and air conditioner for the kitchen.

ROOM MOTHER: A position of great honor and responsibility bestowed on a mom who inadvertently misses a PTA meeting.

SCHOOL PLAY: Sadistic ritual in which adults derive pleasure from watching offspring stumble through coarse reenactment of famous historic events.

SCREAMING: Home P.A. system.

SNOWSUITS: Warm, padded outer garments that, when completely zipped and snapped performs two important functions: Protecting children from the cold and reminding them that they have to go to the bathroom.

SUNDAY BEST: Attractive, expensive children's clothing made of a fabric which attracts melted chocolate and grape juice.

TEACHER CONFERENCE: A meeting between Mom and that person who has yet to understand her child's "special needs."

TERRIBLE TWO'S: Having both kids at home all summer.

TRAMP: A woman with two kids and no stretch marks.

TROUBLE: Area of nonspecific space a child can always be sure to be in.

VITAMINS: Tiny facsimiles of cave people Mom forces you to swallow each morning as part of her sinister plot to have you grow up to be "Just like Daddy."

WALLS: Complete set of drawing paper for kids that comes with every room.

WASHING MACHINE: Household appliance used to clean blue jeans, permanent ink markers, loose change, homework, tissues and wads of gum.

"WHEN YOUR FATHER GETS HOME": Standard measurement of time between crime and punishment.

XOXOXOXO: Mom salutation guaranteed to make the already embarrassing note in a kid's lunch box even more mortifying.

ZUCCHINI: Vegetable which can be baked, boiled, fried or steamed before kids refuse to eat it.Rising gas prices have caused the following event:

The wife comes home and says, "It's been a tough week. I want you to take me someplace expensive tonight."

The husband promptly takes her to the nearest Gas Station.Mom (Reprimandingly): Julia! How many times must I tell you not to pull the cat's tail?

Julia (Innocently): But Mom, I'm only holding the tail. It's the cat that's doing the pulling.I found this joke someplace:

In middle school, I was always self-conscious about my height. Once I was asked out by a life-guard. I had never really stood next to him and didn't know how tall he was, so the night of the date I took out two pairs of shoes-one with heels, one flat. I arranged with my brother to answer the door, compare his height with my date's and run upstairs to let me know which shoes to wear. When doorbell rang I waited. Then my brother showed up and told me what I didn't want to hear: "Go barefoot."Little Mikey's parents were going out, and Mikey said, "For 20 bucks, Dad, I'll be good."

"Oh please," said his father.  "When I was your age, I was good for nothing.""What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?"
"I don't know; and I couldn't care less."In Fahrenheits...


60 Californians put on sweaters (if they can find one) 

50 Miami residents turn on the heat 

40 You can see your breath, Californians shiver uncontrollably, Minnesotans go swimming 

35 Italian cars don't start 

32 Water freezes 

30 You plan your vacation to Australia 

25 Boston water freezes, Californians weep pitiably, Minnesotans eat ice cream, Canadians go swimming 

20 Politicians begin to talk about the homeless, New York City water freezes, Miami residents plan vacation further South 

15 French cars don't start, Cat insists on sleeping in your bed with you 

10 You need jumper cables to get the car going 

5 American cars don't start 

0 Alaskans put on T-shirts 

-10 German cars don't start, Eyes freeze shut when you blink 

-15 You can cut your breath and use it to build an igloo, Arkansans stick tongue on metal objects, Miami residents cease to exist 

-20 Cat insists on sleeping in pajamas with you, Politicians actually do something about the homeless, Minnesotans shovel snow off roof, Japanese cars don't start 

-25 Too cold to think, You need jumper cables to get the driver going 

-30 You plan a two week hot bath, Swedish cars don't start 

-40 Californians disappear, Minnesotans button top button, Canadians put on sweaters, Your car helps you plan your trip South 

-50 Congressional hot air freezes, Alaskans close the bathroom window 

-80 Hell freezes over, Polar bears move South 

-90 Lawyers put their hands in their own pocketsWhen Mother Teresa died and went to heaven, God greeted her at the Pearly Gates.

"Be thou hungry, Mother Teresa?" asked God.

"I could eat," Mother Teresa replied.

So God opened a can of tuna and reached for a chunk of rye bread and they began to share it. While eating this humble meal, Mother Teresa looked down into Hell and saw the inhabitants devouring huge steaks, lobsters, pheasants, and pastries. Curious, but deeply trusting, she remained quiet.

The next day God again invited her to join him for a meal.

Again, it was tuna and rye bread. Once again, Mother Teresa could see the denizens of Hell enjoying lamb, turkey, venison, and delicious desserts. Still she said nothing.

The following day, mealtime arrived and another can of tuna was opened. She couldn't contain herself any longer.

Meekly, she asked, "God, I am grateful to be in heaven with you as a reward for the pious, obedient life I led. But here in heaven all I get to eat is tuna and a piece of rye bread and in the Other Place they eat like emperors and kings! I just don't understand it..." 

God sighed. "Let's be honest Terry," he said, "For just two people, it doesn't pay to cook."A man with two left feet walked into a shoe store and asked, " Do you have any flip-flips?"Goldilocks was walking along one sunny afternoon when she found a beautiful house in the woods.  The door was open, so she walked right in.  There she found a table set with three bowls of steaming porridge.  "Hello?" she called out, but no one was home.  She tried the first bowl, but it was too hot.  She tried the second bowl, but it was too cold.  Then she tried the third bowl, and it was just right.

"Wow," she said, once she had finished the meal. "Now I'm feeling very sleepy." So she wandered around looking for a bed.  She couldn't find one anywhere on the bottom floor.  

Finally, she found a staircase at one end of the house.  She climbed up the steps and went into the first room.  There was a great big bed in the middle of the room, so Goldilocks jumped right in.  "Yikes!" she exclaimed.  "This one's too hard!"

She wandered to the next room.  There she found another bed, and hopped right in it.  But it was too soft.

By this time, Goldilocks was very tired.  She went into the third room, and yelled out in surprise.  There were three pink pigs cowering in the corner of the room.  "Wait a second," she said. "You guys are in the wrong fairy tale."

"No, we're not," answered one of the pigs.  "Don't you know this is a two-story house?"Ther was a blind man walking along with his guide dog when he came to a road. The dog stopped for a second and then carried on into the thick of the traffic. The man was almost hit several times but he managed to get to the other side unharmed. When he got to the other side he took a treat for his dog out of his bag as a reward. 

A man driving by saw this and stopped and asked the man, "Why the hell are you rewarding your dog if he almost got you killed?" 

The blind man replied, "Because I'm trying to find his head so I can kick his ass!"A student was in the percussion section of the band, and was not doing well.  The band had a performance that night, and the conductor had an annoucement to make.

The conductor said, "When a student is having trouble playing an instrument, we can give him two sticks and make him a percussionist, and let him play the drums, which---"

The conductor was interrupted by a student in the back of the room who said, "And when that's too hard for him, we can take one of his sticks away, and make him a conductor!"A dumb blonde, smart blonde, santa clause, and the tooth fairy are walking on the sidewalk together. One of them steps on a five dollar bill. Who picks it up?






Answer

    no one!! three of them don't exist and the dumb blonde thought it was a gum wrapper.Jesus, Moses and an Old Man with a long gray beard, in overalls were playing golf.
Moses tees off and his ball lands 5 inches from the hole. "Nice shot, Moses," says Jesus.
Next, Jesus tees off. His ball lands 2 inches from the hole. "Well, you were closer that I was," said Moses. 
Next the old man tees off. As he is chewing on a piece of straw, he watches his ball head straight for the water hazard, where it is immediately swallowed by a fish. Just as the fish jumps up to swallow the ball, an eagle swoops down and grabs the fish. As the eagle is flying away, a lightning bolt strikes him and he drops the fish. The fish lands about 10 inches from the hole and the ball pops out and rolls right into the hole.
Jesus looks back and says, "Nice shot, Dad."A teacher asked her class, "What do you want out of life?"

A little girl in the back row raised her hand and said, "All I want out of life is four little animals."

The teacher asked, "Really and what four little animals would that be sugar?"

The little girl said, "A mink on my back, a jaguar in the garage, a tiger in the bed, and a jackass to pay for all of it."

The teacher fainted.Barbara Walters of 20/20 did a story on gender roles in Kabul several years before the Afghan conflict. She noted that women customarily walked about 5 paces behind their husbands.

She returned to Kabul recently and observed that women still walk behind their husbands, but now seem to walk even further back and are happy with the old custom.

Ms. Walters approached one of the Afghani women and asked, "Why do you now seem happy with the old custom that you used to try and change?"

"Land mines," said the woman.

MORAL: BEHIND EVERY MAN IS A SMART WOMANJack decided to go skiing with his buddy, Bob. So they loaded up Jack's mini van and headed north.

After driving for a few hours, they got caught in a terrible blizzard, so they pulled into a nearby farm and asked the attractive lady who answered the door if they could spend the night.

"I realize it's terrible weather out there and I have this huge house all to myself, but I'm recently widowed," she explained. "I'm afraid the neighbors will talk if I let you stay in my house."

"Don't worry," Jack said. "We'll be happy to sleep in the barn. And if the weather breaks, we'll be gone at first light." The lady agreed,and the two men found their way to the barn and settled in for the night. Come morning, the weather had cleared, and they got on their way.

They enjoyed a great weekend of skiing.

About nine months later, Jack got an unexpected letter from an attorney. It was from the attorney of that attractive widow he had met on the ski weekend.

He dropped in on his friend Bob and asked, "Bob, do you remember that good-looking widow from the farm we stayed at on our ski holiday up north about 9 months ago?"

"Yes, I do," said Bob

"Did you, er, happen to get up in the middle of the night, go up to the house and pay her a visit?

"Well, um, yes," Bob said, a little embarrassed about being found out. 
"I have to admit that I did."

"And did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name?"

Bob's face turned beet red and he said, "Yeah, look, I'm sorry, buddy. I'm afraid I did. Why do you ask?"

"She just died and left me everything."

(And you thought the ending would be different, didn't you?)Once upon a time there was a mother duck and a father duck who had seven baby ducklings.  Six of them were regular-looking ducklings.  The seventh was a REALLY ugly duckling.

Everyone used to say, "What a nice-looking bunch of ducklings--- all except that one.  Boy, he's really ugly."  The really ugly duckling heard these people, but he didn't care.  He knew that ONE day, he would probably grow up to be a swan, and be bigger and look better than anything in the pond.
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
WELL, AS IT TURNED OUT, HE WAS JUST A REALLY UGLY DUCKLING. AND HE GREW UP TO BE JUST A REALLY UGLY DUCK.

THE END.A kindergarten teacher was giving her students a homework assignment.  She said, "Students, I know you can do this.  If you are going anywhere tonight, then watch how your parents drive in relation to the stoplight.  This means, watch how they drive and what they say when the stoplight turns green, when it turns red, and when it turns yellow."

So the following day, all the little kids came back with smiles on their faces because they knew that they had done their homework.

The teacher asks, "So did everyone do their homework last night?"  Every kid says in unison, "Yes!"

The teacher continues. "So can anyone tell me what you do when the light turns green?" She looks past the outstretched hand of Little Johnny to pick Little Billy. Billy said, "You say, 'yes, this stupid light finally turned green!', and then stay at the same speed."

"Very good, Billy," the teacher said. Little Johnny was mad; he wanted to answer a question.  The teacher continued. "Can anyone tell me what you say and do when the stoplight turns red?"  Again she looked past the outstretched hand of Little Johnny to pick Little Mary.  Little Mary said, "You say, 'Darn, why did it turn red?' then you stop at the light."

"Very good, Mary," the teacher said.  Little Johnny was really mad now. Finally, the teacher said, "Alright, the last one.  Who can tell me what you say and do when the stoplight turns yellow?" She sighs, then finally picks Little Johnny after he practically fell out of his chair.  Little Johnny said, "Okay, you say, 'Oh shit, the damn stoplight!" and then speed up so you can make the light!!!"A guy was at a strip club, and he had glitter all over him, but he didn't know it.  He got in his car, and drove home, and it was about 11:30 when he got home.  His wife was standing at the door when he got home.  He kissed her, then told her that he was tired and wanted to go to sleep.

His wife stopped him before he went upstairs to their room.  She asked, "So why do you have glitter all over you?"  Her husband thought quick and replied meekly, "Makin' you a card..."It was Father's Day, and Little Billy's mom told him to tell his dad to just lay around, watch TV, and do nothing productive.

So Little Billy went into the family room where he found his dad watching TV. Little Billy said, "Dad, it's Father's Day, so mom and me think that you should just lay around, watch TV, and do nothing productive."  His dad looked up from the TV and smiled, then went back to watching his show.

Little Billy paused a moment and said, "You know, just like you usually do..."The bride tells her husband, "Honey, you know I'm a virgin, and I don't know anything about sex. Can you explain it to me first?"

"OK, sweetheart. Putting it simply, we will call your private place 'the prison' and call my private thing 'the prisoner'. So what we do is: put the prisoner in the prison."

And then they made love for the first time.

Afterwards, the guy is lying face up on the bed, smiling with satisfaction.

Nudging him, his bride giggles, "Honey, the prisoner seems to have escaped."

Turning on his side, he smiles. "Then we will have to re-imprison him."

After the second time they spent, the guy reaches for his cigarettes, but the girl, thoroughly enjoying the new experience of making love, gives him a suggestive smile, "Honey, the prisoner is out again!"

The man rises to the occasion, but with the unsteady legs of a recently born foal.

Afterwards, he lays back on the bed, totally exhausted.

She nudges him and says, "Honey, the prisoner escaped again."

Limply turning his head, he YELLS at her, "Hey, it's not a life sentence, OKAY?"Two men were digging a ditch on a very hot day. One said to the other, "Why are we down in this hole digging a ditch when our boss is standing up there in the shade of a tree?" "I don't know," responded the other. "I'll ask him."

So he climbed out of the hole and went to his boss. "Why are we digging in the hot sun and you're standing in the shade?" "Intelligence," the boss said. "What do you mean, 'intelligence'?"

The boss said, "Well, I'll show you. I'll put my hand on this tree and I want you to hit it with your fist as hard as you can." The ditch digger took a mighty swing and tried to hit the boss' hand. The boss removed his hand and the ditch digger hit the tree. The boss said, "That's intelligence!"

The ditch digger went back to his hole. His friend asked, "What did he say?" "He said we are down here because of intelligence." "What's intelligence?" said the friend. The ditch digger put his hand on his face and said, "Take your shovel and hit my hand."A stingy old lawyer who had been diagnosed with a terminal illness was determined to prove wrong the saying, "You can't take it with you."

After much thought and consideration, the old ambulance-chaser finally figured out how to take at least some of his money with him when he died. He instructed his wife to go to the bank and withdraw enough money to fill two pillow cases. He then directed her to take the bags of money to the attic and leave them directly above his bed. His plan: When he passed away, he would reach out and grab the bags on his way to heaven.

Several weeks after the funeral, the deceased lawyer's wife, up in the attic cleaning, came upon the two forgotten pillow cases stuffed with cash. 

"Oh, that darned old fool," she exclaimed. "I knew he should have had me put the money in the basement."An attorney telephoned the governor just after midnight, insisting that he talk to him regarding a matter of utmost urgency. 

An aide eventually agreed to wake up the governor. 

"So, what is it?" grumbled the governor. 

"Judge Garber has just died," said the attorney, "and I want to take his place." 

The governor replied: "Well, it's OK with me if it's OK with the undertaker."TO: ALL PERSONNEL
FROM: ACCOUNTING 

It has come to our attention recently that many of you have been turning in timesheets that specify large amounts of "Miscellaneous Unproductive Time" (Code 5309). However, we need to know exactly what you are doing during your unproductive time. 

Attached below is a sheet specifying a tentative extended job code list based on our observations of employee activities. 

The list will allow you to specify with a fair amount of precision what you are doing during your unproductive time. Please begin using this job-code list immediately and let us know about any difficulties you encounter. 

Thank you,
Accounting

Attached: Extended Job-Code List
Code and Explanation
5316 Useless Meeting

5317 Obstructing Communications at Meeting

5318 Trying to Sound Knowledgeable While in Meeting

5319 Waiting for Break

5320 Waiting for Lunch

5321 Waiting for End of Day

5322 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at Coworker

5323 Vicious Verbal Attacks Directed at Coworker While Coworker is Not Present

5393 Covering for Incompetence of Coworker Friend

5400 Trying to Explain Concept to Coworker Who is Not Interested in Learning

5401 Trying to Explain Concept to Coworker Who is Stupid

5402 Trying to Explain Concept to Coworker Who Hates You

5481 Buying Snack

5482 Eating Snack

5500 Filling Out Timesheet

5501 Inventing Timesheet Entries

5502 Waiting for Something to Happen

5503 Scratching Yourself

5504 Sleeping

5510 Feeling Bored

5511 Feeling Horny

5600 Complaining About Lousy Job

5601 Complaining About Low Pay

5602 Complaining About Long Hours

5603 Complaining About Coworker (See Codes #5322 & #5323)

5604 Complaining About Boss

5605 Complaining About Personal Problems

5640 Miscellaneous Unproductive Complaining

5701 Not Actually Present At Job

5702 Suffering From Eight-Hour Flu

6102 Ordering Out

6103 Waiting for Food Delivery to Arrive

6104 Taking It Easy While Digesting Food

6200 Using Company Resources for Personal Profit

6201 Stealing Company Goods

6202 Making Excuses After Accidentally Destroying Company Goods

6203 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal Calls

6204 Using Company Phone to Make Long-Distance Personal Calls to Sell Stolen Company Goods

6205 Hiding from Boss

6206 Gossip

6207 Planning a Social Event (e.g. vacation, wedding, etc.)

6210 Feeling Sorry For Yourself

6211 Updating Resume

6212 Faxing Resume to Another Employer/Headhunter

6213 Out of Office on Interview

6221 Pretending to Work While Boss Is Watching

6222 Pretending to Enjoy Your Job

6223 Pretending You Like Coworker

6224 Pretending You Like Important People When in Reality They are Jerks

6238 Miscellaneous Unproductive Fantasizing

6350 Playing Pranks on the New Guy/Girl

6601 Running your own Business on Company Time (See Code #6603)

6602 Complaining

6603 Writing a Book on Company Time

6611 Staring Into Space

6612 Staring At Computer Screen

6615 Transcendental Meditation

7281 Extended Visit to the Bathroom (at least 10 minutes)

7400 Talking With Divorce Lawyer on Phone

7401 Talking With Plumber on Phone

7402 Talking With Dentist on Phone

7403 Talking With Doctor on Phone

7404 Talking With Masseuse on Phone

7405 Talking With House Painter on Phone

7406 Talking With Personal Therapist on Phone

7419 Talking With Miscellaneous Paid Professional on Phone

7425 Talking With Mistress/Boy-Toy on Phone

7931 Asking Coworker to Aid You in an Illicit Activity

8000 Recreational Drug Use

8001 Non-recreational Drug Use

8002 Liquid Lunch

8100 Reading e-mailA blonde was driving her brand new, VERY expensive, Mustang convertible, when she saw her brunette friend.  She thought that this was her chance to brag about it, so she drove over to her.

The brunette recognized her, and said, "Hey!" The blonde smiled; this was her chance. She said, "Hey, look what I got that you don't have!" patting her convertible.

The brunette smiled sweetly back and said, "Well, look what I got that YOU don't have," patting her brain.Knock-Knock

Who's there?

I'm a pile up.

I'm a pile up who?

Yes, you are a pile of poo!BOB- It's Friday the 13th.  Do you have any superstitions?

GEORGE- I think it's unlucky to have superstitions.Q: Why do black people have white hands?
A: Everyone has a little good in themThis is a true story:

A rather well-proportioned secretary, Joan, spent almost all of her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.

She wore a bathing suit the first day but, on the second, she decided that no one could see her wayyy up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan. She'd hardly begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.

"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs. "The Hilton doesn't mind you sunbathing on the roof but we would very much appreciate you wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday." "What difference does it make?" Joan asked rather calmly. "No one can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel." 

"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man. "You're lying on the dining room skylight."You Know You're From Canada When...
 
1.) You're not offended by the term, "Homo Milk."

2.) You understand the phrase, "Could you pass me a serviette, I just dropped my poutine, on the chesterfield."

3.) You eat chocolate bars, not candy bars.

4.) You drink pop, not soda.

5.) You know what a Mickey and 2-4 mean.

6.) You don't care about the fuss with Cuba. It's a cheap place to go for your holidays, with good cigars.

7.) You know that a pike is a type of fish, not part of a highway.

8.) You drive on a highway, not a freeway.

9.) You have Canadian Tire money in your kitchen drawers.

10.) You know that Casey and Finnegan were not part of a Celtic musical group.

11.) You get excited whenever an American television show mentions Canada.

12.) You brag to Americans that: Shania Twain, Jim Carrey, Celine Dion and many more are Canadians.

13.) You know that the C.E.O. of American Airlines is a Canadian!

14.) You know what a touque is.

15.) You know that the last letter of the English alphabet is always pronounced "Zed" not "Zee".

16.) You understand the Labatt Blue beer commercials.

17.) You know how to pronounce and spell "Saskatchewan."

18.) You perk up when you hear the theme song from "Hockey Night in Canada."

19.) You were in grade 12, not the 12th grade.

20.) "Eh?" is a very important part of your vocabulary and more polite than, "Huh?"

21.) Winter. Whenever you want it. And then some.

22.) There's German food, Italian food, Chinese food, Armenian food, American food, but NO Canadian food.

23.) You call a "mouse" a "moose".

24.) You like the Americans a little because they don't want Quebec either.

25.) Contests run by anyone other than the government have "skill-testing questions" that winners must answer correctly before they can claim a prize.

26.) Everything is labelled in English and French.

27.) Milk comes in plastic bags as well as cartons and plastic jugs.

28.) Mountain Dew has no caffeine.

29.) You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from Canada.The "road hog" in front of you on Main Street is a farmer's combine.

The local phone book has only one yellow page.

Third Street is on the edge of town.

You leave your jacket on the back of the chair in the cafe, and when you go back the next day, it's still there, on the same chair.

You don't signal turns because everyone knows where you're going, anyway.

No social events can be scheduled when the school gym floor is being varnished.

You call a wrong number and they supply you with the correct one.

Everyone knows all the news before it's published; they just read the hometown paper to see whether the publisher got it right.

The city limits signs are both on the same post!

The City jail is called amoeba, because it only has one cell.

The McDonalds only has one Golden Arch.

The one-block-long Main Street dead ends in both directions.

Second Street is in the next town over.

There's no place to go that you shouldn't.

A "Night on the Town" takes only 11 minutes.

The mayor had to annex property to eat a foot-long hot dog.

The New Year's baby was born in October.

Running from the cops consists of hiding in the cornfield.

You have to name six surrounding towns to explain to people where you're from.

You have to drive five miles out in the country to smoke a cigarette.

Headline news is who grew the biggest vegetable this year.

There is no point in high-school reunions because everyone knows what everyone else is doing anyway.

Driving cars up and down the main drag is a universal high school experience. 

You can name everyone you graduated with.

You know what 4-H is.

You ever went to parties at a pasture, barn, or in the middle of a dirt road.

You said the 'f' word and your parents knew within the hour.

You schedule parties around the schedule of different police officers, since you know which ones would bust you and which ones wouldn't - same goes with the game warden.

You ever went cow-tipping or snipe hunting.

School gets canceled for state sporting events.

You could never buy cigarettes because all the store clerks knew how old you were and if you were old enough, they would still tell your folks.

When you did find someone old enough and brave enough to buy cigarettes, you still had to go out to the country and drive back roads to smoke them.

You were ever in the Homecoming parade.

You have ever gone home for Homecoming.

It was cool to date someone from the neighboring town.

You had senior skip day.

The whole school went to the same party after graduation.

You don't give directions by street names or references (turn by Nelson's house, go two blocks to the Anderson's turn left and it's four houses left of the football field).

The golf course had only nine holes.

You can't help but date a friend's ex-girlfriend.

Your car stays filthy because of the dirt roads, and you will never own a dark vehicle for this reason.

You think kids that ride skateboards are weird.

The town next to you is considered "trashy" or "snooty" but is actually just like your town.

Getting paid minimum wage is considered a great job.

You refer to anyone with a house newer than 1980 as "rich" people.

The people in the city dress funny, then you pick up on the trend a few years later.

You bragged to your friends because you got pipes on your truck for your birthday.

Anyone you want can be found at either the Dairy Queen or the feed store.

You see at least one friend a week driving a tractor through town.

Football coaches suggest that you haul hay for the summer to get stronger.

Directions are given using "the" stop light as a reference

The city council meets at the coffee shop.

Your letter jacket was worn after your 19th birthday.

You have ever taken a trailer or dog to school on a daily basis.

Weekend excitement involves a trip to the grocery store.

Even the ugly people enter beauty contests.

You decide to walk somewhere for exercise and 5 people pull over and ask if you need a ride.

Your teachers call you by your older siblings names.

Your teachers remember when they taught your parents.

You can charge at all the local stores.

The closest McDonald's is 45 miles away. 

So is the closest mall.

It is normal to see an old man riding through town on a riding lawn mower.

Everyone who played sports had to play on every type of team, or there wouldn't be enough people to have a team.

Being able to hit a road sign with a beer bottle while driving down the highway is considered a necessary skill.

A cool vehicle had big tires or a bad-ass stereo. 

You can remember when your town finally got cable. 

Driving to the party on a four wheeler is quite normal. 

You thought the 30-year-old guy that still was at all the parties was cool.

The town population increases by one-third when the universities go on break.

The best burgers in town are at the rink. 

You know exactly where to go when the party is at "the lake". 

You lost your virginity at a bush party. 

You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from a small town.You Know You're From New York City When...
 
1.) You say "the city" and expect everyone to know that this means Manhattan. 

2.) You have never been to the Statue of Liberty or the Empire State Building. 

3.) You can get into a four-hour argument about how to get from Columbus Circle to Battery Park at 3:30 on the Friday before a long weekend, but can't find Wisconsin on a map. 

4.) Hookers and the homeless are invisible. 

5.) The subway makes sense. 

6.) You believe that being able to swear at people in their own language makes you multi-lingual. 

7.) You've considered stabbing someone just for saying "The Big Apple". 

8.) The most frequently used part of your car is the horn. 

9.) You call an 8' x 10' plot of patchy grass a yard. 

10.) You consider Westchester "upstate". 

11.) You think Central Park is "nature." 

12.) You see nothing odd about the speed of an auctioneer's speaking. 

13.) You're paying $1,200 for a studio the size of a walk-in closet and you think it's a "steal." 

14.) You've been to New Jersey twice and got hopelessly lost both times. 

15.) You pay more each month to park your car than most people in the U.S. pay in rent. 

16.) You haven't seen more than twelve stars in the night sky since you went away to camp as a kid. 

17.) You go to dinner at 9 and head out to the clubs when most Americans are heading to bed. 

18.) Your closet is filled with black clothes. 

19.) You haven't heard the sound of true absolute silence since the 80s, and when you did, it terrified you. 

20.) You pay $5 without blinking for a beer that cost the bar 28 cents. 

21.) You take fashion seriously. 

22.) Being truly alone makes you nervous. 

23.) You have 27 different menus next to your telephone. 

24.) Going to Brooklyn is considered a "road trip." 

25.) America west of the Hudson is still theoretical to you. 

26.) You've gotten jaywalking down to an art form. 

27.) You take a taxi to get to your health club to exercise. 

28.) Your idea of personal space is no one actually standing on your toes. 

29.) $50 worth of groceries fit in one paper bag. 

30.) You have a minimum of five "worst cab ride ever" stories. 

31.) You don't notice sirens anymore. 

32.) You live in a building with a larger population than most American towns. 

33.) Your doorman is Russian, your grocer is Korean your deli man is Israeli, your building super is Italian, your laundry guy is Chinese, your favorite bartender is Irish, your favorite diner owner is Greek, the watchseller on your corner is Senegalese, your last cabbie was Pakistani, your newsstand guy is Indian and your favorite falafel guy is Egyptian. 

34.) You're suspicious of strangers who are actually nice to you. 

35.) You secretly envy cabbies for their driving skills. 

36.) You think $7.00 to cross a bridge is a fair price. 

37.) Your door has more than three locks. 

38.) Your favorite movie has DeNiro in it. 

39.) You consider eye contact an act of overt aggression. 

40.) You run when you see a flashing "Do Not Walk" sign at the intersection. 

41.) You're 35 years old and don't have a driver's license. 

42.) You ride in a subway car with no air conditioning just because there are seats available. 

43.) You're willing to take in strange people as roommates simply to help pay the rent. 

44.) There is no North and South. It's uptown or downtown. 

45.) When you're away from home, you miss "real" pizza and "real" bagels. 

46.) You know the differences between all the different Ray's Pizzas. 

47.) You're not in the least bit interested in going to Times Square on New Year's Eve. 

48.) Your internal clock is permanently set to know when Alternate Side of the Street parking regulations are in effect. 

49.) You know what a bodega is. 

50.) You know how to fold the New York Times in half, vertically, so that you can read it on the subway or bus without knocking off other passenger's hats. 

51.) Someone bumps into you, and you check for your wallet..... 

52.) You cringe at hearing people pronounce Houston St. like the city in Texas. 

53.) Film crews on your block annoy you, not excite you. 

54.) You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from NYC!!!Q: What do you call it, when a bison gets a loan?
A: A Buffa-loan!Daddy: Get the Nuts son
Bobby: Yes Dad
Daddy: Ouch!A blonde and a guy were out on a date and they ended up at "Lovers Cove" where they were making out. The guy thought that things were going pretty good and maybe he would get lucky tonight, so he thought that he would ask her if she wanted to go in the back seat. 
"NO!" yelled the blonde. 

The guy just figured that she wasn't ready yet. Things got pretty hot and the guy thought he would try again. 

"NO!" the blonde yelled again. 

Things got even hotter and the blond was down to her bra and the guy even had her pants unzipped. 

"Do you wanna go in the back seat yet?" asked the guy. 

"For the last time, NO!" said the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asked, "Well, why the hell not?" 

The blonde looked at him and said, "Because I wanna stay up here with you."Funny Names of Real People 
A. Blinkin 
A. Nicholas Fivepennies
Aaron D. Tires
Aaron Jeglad
Aaron Yerfavor
Abbie Birthday 
Abbie Seenia
Abe L. Tuwok 
Abe Ozo 
Abe Rudder 
Abel N. Willan 
Abner Period
Acassa Beer
Acassa Coke
Achilles Punks 
Ada Burger 
Adam Baum
Adam Meway 
Adam Pimple
Adam Zapple 
Adelaide Evening
Adolph D'Plate
Agusta Wind
Al B. Zienya 
Al Beback
Al Bequerque
Al Bino
Al Cahall 
Al Catraz
Al Coholic 
Al Dente
Al DePantzeu 
Al Fabet
Al Fresco
Al Gebra
Al Gee
Al Gore Ithem 
Al K. Seltzer
Al Kaholic
Al Kickurass 
Al Kida
Al Killeu 
Al Ligator
Al Low 
Al Lowe Vera
Al Luminum 
Al Nino 
Al O'Moaney 
Alan A. Daiswerk 
Alan D'Family
Alan Goodtime 
Alba Tross 
Alberto Viofive
Albie Latefordinner
Aldo Anything
Aldo Itmiselph 
Aldo Kingsmen
Alec Tricity
Alex Blaine
Alex Blaine Layder 
Alf A. Romeo
Alf Abet 
Alf Artigan
Ali Gator
Ali Goricle
Ali Noya
Ali Tabed
Ali Tarise
Alice Nofury
Alice Notlost
Alida Bug
Alison Wonderland
Alla Nightlong
Alma Balzitch
Alma Children
Alma Knack
Alonso Welkept 
Althea Thoon
Alvin D'Lottery
Amanda B. Reckonedwith
Amanda Hugankiss 
Amanda Love 
Amanda Lynn 
Amanda Yellatt
Amber Green
Amelia Barfup
Amelia Cooke
Ames High
Andrew Blood & Denny Beater
Andy Gravity 
Andy Semite
Andy Structible 
Angel Dust 
Angie O'Gram
Angie O'Plasty
Angus Beef
Anita Alibi 
Anita Bath 
Anita Beer
Anita Biernow 
Anita Colbier
Anita Drink
Anita Fixx
Anita Harecutt 
Anita Hug
Anita Joint
Anita Lift
Anita Mann
Anita Newman
Anita Nurse
Anita Phillup 
Anita Ralf
Anita Rest
Anita Tissue
Ann Angrimob
Ann B. Dextrous 
Ann Chovie 
Ann Drogeny 
Ann Dromeda
Ann L. Eyes
Ann O'Malley 
Ann Serdifone
Ann Tartica 
Ann Teaks 
Ann Tenna
Ann Twerp
Anna Conda 
Anna Filaxis
Anna Gram 
Anna Liszt
Anna Lytic
Anna Mull 
Anna Prentice 
Anna Rexic
Anna Rexiya 
Anna Turney
Anne Chovey
Anne T. Lope 
Anne T. Social 
Anne Teak 
Annette Fisher
Annie Bodie
Annie Buddyhome 
Annie Daynow
Annie Mah 
Annie Matter
Annie Normous Fanny
Annie One Ome 
April May 
April Shours 
Aretha Holly
Ari Verderci 
Ariel Hassle 
Arlo Prices
Armand Aleg
Armand Hammer
Arnie Adorable
Arsenio Five & Raisyu Five (famous poker players)
Art Collection 
Art Major
Art Sifartsi
Arthur Itus
Arthur Mometer 
Artie Choke 
Asa Spades 
Augusta Wind 
Aunt E. Belman
Aunt Hill
Auntie Gravity
Aunty Biotic 
Avery Goodbook 
Ayma Dommy 
Ayma Moron 
Azalea Bush
B. Ware
B.A. Ware
Bab L. Enbrook
Baby Dwayne 
Barb Bituwitz 
Barb Dwyer 
Barb E. Cue 
Barbara Blacksheep
Barbara Chair 
Barbara Seville
Barbie Dahl
Barnaby Wild
Barry A. Bone
Barry D. Hatchett
Barry D'Alive 
Barry Shmelly 
Barry Thatchet
Bart Ender 
Basken D. Sun
Bea A. Mann
Bea Aclown 
Bea Apal
Bea D. Eyes
Bea Merry 
Bea Meup Scotti
Bea O'Problem 
Bea Sting 
Bea Verhunt
Beau Archer
Beau Vine 
Bella DeBall
Belle E. Flops
Belle Jinwaffles
Belle Lee Button 
Ben Around
Ben Crobbery 
Ben Dover 
Ben Jerelbo
Ben Lyon 
Ben O'Drill 
Ben Thair 
Bennett DeWaist
Benny Factor
Bent Axel
Bermuda Shwartz
Bermuda Tre' Angle 
Bernadette Bra
Bernadette Draftcard
Bernie Evidence
Bernie Sensation
Bertha D. Blues
Bertha Venation 
Bess Sellars
Bess Twishes 
Beth Lee Hemm 
Bette D'Farm 
Betty B. Ready 
Betty Bye
Betty Whont
Betty Wowntshow
Beverly Hill
Biff Jerquee 
Biff Schteck 
Biff Wellington
Bill Board
Bill Day Bridge
Bill Ding
Bill Foldes
Bill Ling Error
Bill Lowney 
Bill Melater 
Bill Stoupee
Bill Zabub
Billy Club
Bing Cherry
Bjorn Again 
Bjorn Free
Bjorn Toorun
Bjorn Toulouse
Blair A. Horn
Bo Lingalley 
Bo Nacerra 
Bo Narrow
Bo Nessround 
Bob Apple 
Bob Frapples
Bob Katz 
Bob LaBla 
Bob N. DeWaves
Bob Uppendown 
Bob Wire
Bobby Pinn 
Bonnie Contention
Booker Bets
Bowen Arrow 
Brand Newhouse
Brandon Cattell
Brandon Irons
Brett Andbuter 
Brice Tagg 
Brighton Early 
Brock Lee
Brock Lee Spears
Brook Lynn 
Brooke Lynn Bridge
Brooke Trout
Bruce Easily
Bruno Beer
Bruno T
Bubba Ganooj
Buck Caneer 
Buck Fifty 
Buck N. Bronco 
Buck Naked 
Bud Cheeks
Bud Inski
Bud Light 
Bud Wieser 
Buddy System
Buffy Lowe Bills 
Bugs Zappa
Burnedette Down 
Burnett D'Stake
Burton Ernie 
Buster Indechops
Buster N. Delipz 
Buzz Zing 
C. Good 
C. Howlett Fields
C. Senor 
Cal Culator 
Cal Culus 
Cal Efornia 
Cal Lacopp
Cal Seeium 
Cal Varee 
Caldwell Ahead 
Candee Graham
Candi Barr
Candi Kane
Candice B. DePlace 
Candice B. Fureal 
Candice B. Love
Candice E. Ahmbizzy
Candice Wait
Candy Barre
Candy Baskett
Candy Kane
Candy Liver 
Candy Store 
Candy Sweet
Carl Arm 
Carl Breakdown
Carla Spadeaspade
Carlotta Lemons 
Carlotta Tendant 
Carra S. Midown 
Carrie A. Tune
Carrie Dababi 
Carrie Datwaite 
Carrie DeKoffin 
Carrie Mehome 
Carrie Miyaway
Carrie Mysac 
Carrie Oakie 
Carson O. Gin 
Cary Baggs
Casey Deeya 
Casey Needzit 
Cassidy Ballot 
Celia Fate
Chanda Lear
Char Isgood 
Charity Case
Charley Davidson 
Cheri Pitts
Chester Drawers
Chester Gigolo
Chi Spurger 
Cho Kon It 
Chris Coe
Chris Cross 
Chris Mass 
Chris Moss 
Chris P. Bacon 
Chris P. Critters
Chris P. Nugget 
Christian Ethic
Chuck Roast 
Chuck St. Eak
Chuck Wagon 
Cindy Light
Clair A. Voyant
Claire Annette
Claire DeAir 
Claire Enpressant-Danger 
Clara Net
Clara Sabell 
Clara Sill
Claude Bawls
Claude N. Skretchem 
Cliff Dweller
Cody Pendant 
Cole Dinner 
Cole Kutz 
Cole Slaw
Colette A. Day
Colin Allcars 
Colin Ambulance
Colin DaFuzz 
Colin D'Cops
Colin Sick 
Colin Toksho
Colin Tosayhi 
Colleen Cardd 
Colt Fortifive
Constance Noring
Constance Paine
Constance Wearing
Cora D'Apple 
Cosmo Knott
Cottin Annette
Count Dunn
Count Orff
Courtney Fish 
Crystal Ball
Crystal Mighty
Crystal Shanda Lear 
Crystal Snow
Crystal Stemwear
Cuba Sugar 
Curt N. Rod
Curt Reply
Curt Sanwhey
Curt Tinrod
Curt Zee
Curtis E. Counts
Cy Burns 
Cy Kosis 
Cy Lance
Cy Q. Out 
Cy Yonarra 
Cynthia Fathers
D. John Mustard
D. Liver
Daisy Chain
Daisy Fresh 
Daisy Plant
Dale E. Bread 
Dale E. Paper
Dan D. Lyons 
Dan Druff
Dan Geruss 
Dan Singh
Dan Surround
Dane Jeriss 
Danielle Soloud 
Darius Lesgettham 
Darrell B. Moore 
Darrell Likt 
David Eotaype 
David N Goliath
David N. Believeme
Dawn Ovanuday
Dean F. Studence 
Dee Capitated 
Dee Compose
Dee Faced 
Dee Generate
Dee Hydration
Dee Licious 
Dee Lightful 
Dee Linquent
Dee Lovely 
Dee Niability
Dee Sember 
Dee Stroyer
Dee Tox
Dee Vine
Deede Tea 
Delia Goodhand
Della Gatepower
Della Joke
Della Phones-Ringin 
Della Where 
Denice Denephew
Denise Arnockin
Dennis Anyone
Dennis Appointment 
Dennis L. Bow
Dennis Toffice 
Denny Buddy Holm 
Denny Juan Heredatt 
Denton Fender
Des Buratto 
Dewey Believe
Dewey Chizone
Dewey Hafta
Dewey R. Donti 
Di Gress
Di Jest
Di Nomite
Di O'Bolic 
Di Rhea
Di Verse
Diane B. Resurrected
Diane Toluvia 
Didi Reelydoit 
Dieter Rhent 
Dilbert Pickles
Dinah Cancer
Dinah Meechah
Dinah Might 
Dinah Sore 
Dobie Cruel
Doll R. Bill... 
Dom De Dumdum
Dom N. Nate
Don Chahnoe
Don Kashane
Don Telonme
Don Thatt 
Dondi Drain
Dondi Lifejackets
Donna d'Dead
Donna Soom
Doris Ajar
Doris Oben 
Doris Schutt 
Dot Com 
Dot Matrix
Dot Snice
Dot Yorize & Chris Yortees 
Doug Abone 
Doug Graves
Douglas Fir 
Douglas S. Halfempty 
Douglass Fir
Drew A. Blanc 
Drew A. Picture
Drew Blood 
Drew Lingidiot
Drew Lots
Drew Pictures
Dru Blood 
Duane Pipe 
Duke Amin
Duke Itout 
Duke Uhfurl
Duke Untinue
Dustin D. Furniture 
Dusty Corner
Dusty Rhodes 
Dutch Oven
Dwayne DeTub 
Dwayne Pipe
Dwight Chocolate
Dwight House 
Dwight Mansburdon
E. C. Street
Earl E. Byrd 
Eaton Wright
Ed Ible 
Ed Ipus 
Ed Jewcation 
Ed N. Shoulders
Ed U. Cation 
Ed Venture 
Ed Wardian 
Ed Zortails
Ed Zup
Ed Zyuwin
Eddie Fication
Eddie Puscomplechs 
Eddie Pusrechs 
Edin Run
Eileen Dover 
Eileen Dover-Anfell
Eileen Sideways
Eli Struiznose
Eliza Falsehood 
Ella Fino 
Ella Funt
Ella Snofury
Ella Vader
Ella Vashow
Elle O'Quent 
Ellie Mentary
Ellis Dee 
Elmer Derrim 
Elmer Sklue
Elmo Bacaroni
Elmo DeLawn
Emil Initself
Emil Yunair
Emir O'Rimij
Emma G. Nation 
Emma Roids 
Emma Siss
Emmanuelle Neverforget
Emmitt Radiation
Enid Suhdrynk 
Enzo Itgoes
Eric E. Ricardofan
Erin Hotwater
Erin Troublenow
Erland Vinegar
Estelle Hertz
Esther Egg Hunt 
Etienne Orolder
Euan Me
Eubie Littleme
Eugene Eusyou 
Eulla Gee
Eunice Icle
Eva Destruction
Eva Lanch
Eva Lution
Evan Elpus
Evan Gelist 
Evan Lee Arps 
Evan Stubezzi
Evans Gayte 
Eve Hill 
Eve Ning 
Eve O'Lution 
Ewan Oozarmi 
Ewan Whatarmy 
Ezra Ported
Faith Christian
Fanny Flames
Fanny O'Rear
Fay Tality
Faye Kinnitt 
Faye Slift 
Felipe D. Bird 
Ferdinand Tuinbush
Ferris Faire 
Ferris Wheel
Fletcher Biceps 
Floyd N. DeWater 
Flynn Willie Woozie
Ford Parker 
Forest Trudy Trees
Foster Dennis Peeding-Bullet
Francis Useless 
Frank Furter 
Frank Incense
Frank Lee Mydear
Frank Lee Speaking 
Frank N. Beans
Frank N. Senze
Frank N. Stein 
Franklin Mint
Fredia Spender Doughmann
Freida Convict 
Freida Livery
Freida People 
Freida Slaves
Frieda Beemee 
Frieda Golden Starvafever
Fume A.Gater 
Gabe Asher 
Gabe Barr 
Gabe Oy
Gail Force
Gail Storm 
Gail Winds
Gay Barber
Gay N. Proud
Gaye Lourde
Gene Antonic
Gene E. Yuss 
Gene Poole
Geoff L. Tavish
Gil Demall 
Gil Fish 
Gil T. Azell 
Ginger Root 
Ginger Snap
Ginger Vitas
Gino Evil
Gladys C. Hughes
Gladys Eeya 
Gladys Friday
Godfrey A. Theist 
Grant Stoome 
Gretchen Vomit 
Grey Poupon
Grover Acious
Grover Bose
Grover Etense 
Gunther Ongway
Gus Comzadia 
Gus Tofwin 
Gus Undheit
Guy Zendalls 
Haile Improbable
Hal Apeno
Hal E. Luya 
Hal Jalikakick 
Hal Litosis
Hale Tudachief 
Hamilton Burger
Hammond Ecks 
Hammond Swiss 
Hank E. Pankie
Hank Erchif
Hansen Pockets
Harly Workin
Harmon Ickonvergence
Harmon Ikka 
Harmon Injury
Harold Angelsing
Harris Gray 
Harris Mint 
Harris Thininout
Harrison Fire 
Harry Ape
Harry Armand Bach
Harry Barber 
Harry Bottom 
Harry Butt
Harry Caray
Harry Cox 
Harry Knokles
Harry R. M. Pitts
Harry Rump
Hart Attack 
Hart Breaker 
Hart Burn 
Hart Failure
Harvey Theryet
Hawthorne N. Yercyde 
Hayden Seek 
Hazle Nutt 
Hedda D'Class 
Hedda Lettuce
Hedda State
Hedda Verheals
Heidi Clare
Heinrich Maneuver
Heinz Fiftyseven 
Heinz Sight
Helen A. Handbasket
Helen Back 
Helen Highwater 
Helen Wheels
Helena Handbasket 
Helmut Hertz Mahed
Helmut Lawz 
Henny Questions
Herb Alessence
Herb Avore 
Herb E. Side 
Herb Garden 
Herbie Hind
Herbie Trothed
Herbie Voor 
Hilda Climb
Hiram Cheap
Hiram Exican
Holden D'Mayo
Holly Wood 
Homan Provement 
Homer D'Brave
Homer Run
Hope Toodye
Horace Cope 
Howard Ayhangin
Howard Ewdune 
Howard I. No 
Howdy U. Wannit 
Howe D. Pardner 
Howie Ben Dooinn
Howie Blewitt 
Howie Dewett
Hoyt E. Toity
Hu Flung Pu 
Huang Annsaw 
Huck A. Loogee
Hudson Rivers
Huell Regretit
Huell Tydespirit
Hugh Becha
Hugh DeMann 
Hugh Jape 
Hugh Jass 
Hugh Jeers
Hugh Manity
Hugh Midor 
Hugh Miliation
Hugh Mungus
Hugh Rinle 
Hugh Tensile
Hugo First 
Hy Ball
Hy Colonic
Hy Concept
Hy Gene 
Hy Lowe
Hye N. Mighty 
Hyman American
Hyman Idiot
Hymie Towne
I. Doodie Claire
I. M. Freezing
I. Ron Stomach 
I. Shelby Released
I.D. Clair
I.M. Boring
I.M. Easy
I.P. Daily
I.P. Enyursoop
I.P. Freely
Ida Claire
Ida Hoe 
Ida Jury
Ida Liver
Ida Nyit
Ida Whana 
Ida Zervbetter
Idi Amin D'Doghouse
Iduma Best
Igor Beaver
Ike & Fess Yeronner
Ike and Stan Dieuh
Ike Laudius
Ike Witt 
Iknowa Nothing
Ilene Dover 
Ima B. Leever 
Ima Freeloader
Ima Gonnablow
Ima Hogg 
Ima I. Ball
Ima June Bug 
Ima Kid Ding 
Ima Lima Bean 
Ima Looney
Ima Loser
Ima Nottatellinya 
Ima Pepper
Ima Pig
Ima Virgen
Indy Firstplace
Inga Hootz
Inigo Maniac 
Ira Fuse 
Ira Gret
Ira Gurgitate
Ira Linquish
Ira Member
Ira Neg
Ira Pete
Ira Pulse
Ira Shizer Smiling
Ira Zent That
Isaac Cominboss
Isabell Ringing
Isadora Belle
Isadora Bull
Isadora Jar
Isadora Table
Isaiah Oldchap
Isaiah Prayer 
Isolde House 
Itzhak Kintumi
Iva Payne
Iva Thongon
Ivan Cherbody
Ivan Chu 
Ivan Farten
Ivan II Baicherneck
Ivan Inkling 
Ivan Odor
Ivan Sumbudy 
Ivan T. Tall 
Ivan Tugo 
Ivan Tustay 
Ivana Tinkle 
Ivanna B. Badd 
Ivanna Drink
Ivy League
Izzie Yupyet
Izzy Backyet 
Izzy Cumming 
Izzy Foreel
Jack Alope
Jack DeCarrup 
Jack Dupp 
Jack Hammer 
Jack Kass 
Jack N. Debocks 
Jack O'Lantern 
Jack Ovalltrades
Jack Pott
Jacob Sladder 
Jacque Strap
Jacqueline Hyde 
Jacques Strap
Jan U. Wharry 
Jane Linkfence 
Jane Miedown 
Jane Sandwhips 
Janice Saykwa
Jason DeVillain
Jawana Die 
Jay Walker 
Jean Poole 
Jed I. Knight 
Jeff Healitt 
Jeff Uelin-Eorzelv 
Jenn O'Side 
Jerry Atrick
Jerry Mander
Jerry Soda 
Jess O'Gigolo
Jess Tate
Jesus Marian Joseph
Jethro Up
Jim Class
Jim Locher 
Jim N. Ecricket
Jim Nasium 
Jim Nasticks 
Jim Shortz
Jim Shue
Jim Sox
Jim Teacher
Jimmy D'Lock
Jimmy Krackorn 
Jo King 
Joanna Hand 
Jodie Maggio
Joe Czarfunee 
Joe Kerr 
Joe King
Joe Mamma 
Joe Navark
Johnny Baptist
Jose Canusee 
Joy Rider
Joy Trudy World
Juan F. Thiesdeis 
Juan Fordemoney
Juan Fortharoad 
Juan Nightstand 
Juan Voyce
Juana Bea 
Juana Beer 
June Bride 
June Bugg 
June Wedding 
Justice Fraul
Justin Case 
Justin Credible
Justin D. Nickotime 
Justin Hale
Justin Inch
Justin Odosdaize 
Justin Time 
Justin Utter One
Kahn Demendums 
Kandi Apple 
Kareem O'Wheat 
Karen Feeding
Karen Maintenance 
Kat A. Tonic 
Kat Agory 
Kat Alog-Sales 
Kat Mandu
Kate Terdaffair
Katja Fallingstar
Kay Ken Coffee
Kay Mart-Shoppers 
Kay Neine
Kay O'Pectate 
Kaye Ken Coffee 
Keisha Rass
Keith Myath
Ken Dahl
Ken Knott
Ken Opener 
Ken Payne Slogan
Ken U. Diggit
Ken U. Seemee
Kendall Litedinner
Kenny Dewitt 
Kenny Penny
Kent Cook 
Kerry Mehome 
Kerry Oki
Kim Payne Slogan 
King Queen
Kirk A. Guard
Kirk D'Enterprise
Kitty Cat
Kitty Litter
Klaus Trophobia 
Knute Ralize
Kris P. Kreme
Kris P. Nugget 
Krystal Lake
Kurt Ambrose Edarms 
Labor Payne
Lance A Boyle 
Lance Lyde 
Lando D'Free
Laura DeLand
Laura Lynne Hardy
Lauren Order
Lee Gullize Pot 
Lee King 
Lee Mealone
Lee Nover 
Lee Vittalone
Leigh Vamessage
Len DeHand 
Leo Tarred 
Les Izmore
Les Miserables
Les Moore
Levon Time
Lida Pharte
Lilac Arugg 
Lilly Livared 
Lina Cocaine
Lina Credit
Lincoln Loggs 
Lincoln Mercury 
Lisa Carr
Lisa House
Lisa Neucar 
Lisa Truck
Liv Good
Liv Turegretit
Liz Bea Ian 
Liz Onnia 
Lois Common Denominator
Lon D'Nengland
Lon Moore 
Lorraine Inspain
Lotta Heiney 
Lotta Moxie
Lotta Mullarkey
Lou Briccant 
Lou Gubrious
Lou Narryclips
Lou Pole 
Lou Sass
Lou Sirr 
Lou Slips
Lou Smorels
Lou Stooth 
Lou Tenant
Lou Zar 
Loudon Clear 
Loudon Nuff
Louis Cal O'Ree
Louise E. Anna 
Lowen Behold
Luca DeIrish
Lucinda Crotch
Lucinda Head
Lucy Andesi 
Lucy Lastic
Luke Adam Go 
Luke B. Foruleap
Luke Warm 
Luke Warmwater
Luna Tick
Luv Loz 
Lyle Ike Adogg 
Lyn O'Leeum
Lynn C. Doyle 
Lynn Guini 
Lynn Meabuck 
Lynn O. Liam 
M. T. Bowels
M. T. Head
Mabel Syrup 
Mack Aroni 
Mack Donalds 
Mack Kurrena 
Madka Owdiseez 
Mandy Lifeboats
Manny Kin 
Manuel Dexterity
Manuel Labor
Manuel Transmission 
Marcia Dimes 
Marcus Absent
Marcus Satan
Marge Innastraightline 
Marian Haste
Marie D. Ajurck
Marion Money 
Mark D Time
Mark Mywords
Mark Z. Spot 
Marlon Fisher
Marrianne Regretit
Marsha Dimes 
Marsha Mellow
Marshall Lozinaffect
Marty Graw 
Mary Adalitalam
Mary Christmas 
Mary Gold 
Mary Juana 
Mary Me
Mary Ott 
Mary Thonn 
Mason Dixon Line
Maude L.T. Ford
Maura DeSame 
Maura Less 
Maura Plause 
Maura Terpitude
Maureen Biologist
Max E. Mumm 
Max E. Padd 
Max Little
Max Out
Max Power
May Belle Lean
May Day
May Eye
May Furst
May I. Kissu
May Kaliving
May O'Nays 
May Tag
Meg Lomaniac
Meg Yermindup
Megan Bacon 
Mel B'Toast
Mel K. Way
Mel Loewe
Mel N. Collie 
Mel N. Oma
Mel Practiss 
Mel Ted Cheese
Melba Crisp 
Melitta Chickadee
Melody Music
Melvin Onupp 
Merilee Werolalong
Michelle Lynn 
Mick L. Obe
Mick Stup
Midas Welby
Midas Well 
Mike Amero
Mike Easerindacar
Mike Easter
Mike Raffone
Mike Rapp
Mike Rohsopht 
Mike Rowave
Mike Stand 
Mikhail Snavy
Miles Apart 
Miles Away
Miles Tagoe 
Milly Meter 
Milo Overhead
Mina Bird 
Mina Discrepancy
Minnie Blinds 
Minnie Skurt 
Minnie Sota 
Minnie Van Driver
Minny van Gogh 
Minny Vann
Miranda Rietz
Miss Alanius 
Misty Bus 
Misty C. Shore 
Misty Meanor 
Misty Rain
Misty Waters 
Mitch Again 
Mitch Ermaker
Miya Buttreaks 
Moe DeLawn 
Moe Lestor
Moe Mentum 
Moe Skeeto 
Moe Telsiks 
Monty Christo 
Morgan Mindy
Morgana Pheeling
Morrie Dundant
Morrie Pulsive
Morrie Spect
Mort Tallity 
Mortimer Liking
Morty Fide 
Mrs C Herring 
Mrs. Sippy
Muddy Waters 
Myles Long
Myra Gret
Myra Maines 
Nada Friend
Nadia Head
Neil B. Formi
Neil Down 
Neve Adda 
Nick Dupp
Nick L. Andime 
Nick L. Odeon 
Nick Nack 
Nick Name
Nick O'Teen 
Nick Ovtime 
Nida Lyte 
Nile Istic
Noah Parken
Noah Peel
Noah Veil
Noah Zark
Nora Gretz
Nora Spect
Nunzio Dambisnesse 
Ole Mackerel
Olive Yew 
Oliver Clothesoff
Oliver Clothesoff 
Ollie Cherhat
Omar Gosh
Ophelia Payne 
Oran Gelo
Orin Julius
Orson A. Round
Orson Cart 
Orville N. Wilbur 
Osborne Tarun
Oscar Demov 
Oscar Nomination
Oswald Matung
Otto B. Kilt 
Otto Matique 
Otto Mobile 
Owen DeBanks 
Owen II, the Count
Owen Money 
P. Anne O'Recital
P. Brain
P. Eve Doff
Paige Turner 
Pam Perdbrat
Park Bench 
Park Inglot 
Park N. Ride 
Park Yercarcas 
Parker Carr 
Pastor Ammunition
Pastor Physical
Pastor Prime
Pat Butt 
Pat Medown
Patty Cake 
Patty Meltt 
Patty O'Furniture
Patty Wagon 
Paul Bearer
Paul D'Plug
Paul E. Esther 
Paulie O'Vaccine
Payne N. Sofren 
Pearl E. Gates
Pearl E. White
Pearl E. Whites
Pearl Harbour
Pearl O. D'Orient
Peg Legg
Penn Sylpuscher 
Penny Candee
Penny Dollar 
Penny Dropped
Penny Less
Penny Loafers
Penny Nichols
Penny Wise
Pepe Roni
Perl E. Gates 
Perry Medik
Perry Noid
Perry Stroika
Pete E. Atrition
Pete Moss
Pete Sahut
Pete Sapalla 
Pete Zaria 
Peter Abbott
Peter Andy Wolfe
Peter Pantz 
Peter Pounds
Peter Senseless
Petra Phydwood
Phil A. Delphia 
Phil A. Mignon
Phil Anderer
Phil DeGrave 
Phil Dove Dreemz 
Phil Down 
Phil Harmonic
Phil Latelic
Phil Likesheet and his brother Luke Likesheet 
Phil McCavity 
Phil McCrackin 
Phil McCrackup 
Phil Metaljacket
Phil Mypockets 
Phil N. D'Blank
Phil N. Thropic
Phil Osophy
Phil O'Stein
Phil Rupp 
Phill Lynne Goode 
Phillipa Glass
Phylis Formout
Phylis Officle 
Phylis Teen
Pierce Deere
Pola Ricecap
Polly Ester
Polly Wanda Cracker
Pollyanna Rexia
Pop Sickle
Porter Rico 
Post, Mark
Preston Cleaned
Price Wright
Pu Ping 
Purdy Darn Kool 
Quinn Tuplets
Quint S. Henschel 
R. Dale Come
R. M. Pitt
R. Slicker
R. Sole
Rachel Slur
Rain Storm
Raisin Hail
Ralph Upchuck 
Randy Marathon
Randy Quartermile
Randy Stopsign
Randy Udderway 
Rankin Smellie 
Ray Beeze 
Ray C. Barr
Ray C. Flagg
Ray C. Titanic
Ray D. Aider
Ray Dio
Ray N. Carnation
Ray Pist
Ray Pugh 
Ray Zerzedge
Reba Dirtchee
Reba Tweendalines
Reed Undant 
Regis Smallprint
Regis Treccione 
Remo Paper 
Renee Sance 
Rennie Sonsman
Rex DeCarrs 
Rhoda Boat
Rhoda Booke
Rhoda Horsey
Rhonda Korner 
Rhyce Saroni
Rich Guy
Rick Etts 
Rick Etty-Schpritt 
Rick Kleiner 
Rick O'Shea
Rick Shaw 
Ringo Fire
Rip Chord 
Rip Eatafender
Rip Roarindrunk 
Rip Tile 
Rip Torn
Rita Booke
Rita Palm
Rita Paper
Rita Ployment
Rob Banks
Rob Berbaron
Robin Andis Merryman
Robin Banks 
Robin Cradles
Robin D'Cradle
Robin Meeblind 
Robin Money
Rocco Gibralter
Rock Bottoms
Rocky Beach
Rocky Mountainhigh
Roman Numerals
Ron A. Muck 
Ron Dayvoo
Ron D'Campfire
Rose Bush 
Rose Petals
Rosie Complexion 
Rosy Bottoms
Roy L. Flush
Royal Payne
Ruda Wakening
Rudy Wakening
Rufus Leaking
Rufus Lee King
Russ T. Hinge
Russell Cattle
Russell Leeves
Russell Leeves 
Rusty Bedsprings
Rusty Blades
Rusty Bottoms
Rusty Carr
Rusty Dorr
Rusty Ford
Rusty Hook 
Rusty Irons
Rusty Nails
Rusty Nickels
Rusty Pipes
Rusty Steele
Ryan O'Plasty
Sadie Word 
Sal A. Mander
Sal A. Vate
Sal Ami 
Sal Ladd 
Sal M'Nella 
Sal Sage 
Sal T. Penutz 
Sal Vation
Sam Diego 
Sam Manilla
Sam Pull
Sam Urai 
Sam Which
Samson Knight
Sandy and Shelly Banks 
Sandy Beach
Sandy Beach
Sandy Shore
Sandy Woodown
Sara Bellum
Sara Narra
Sarah Nade
Sarah Tonin
Saron Needles
Sasha Deal
Saul E. Terry 
Saul Ted Nutzenbeer
Savanna Levin
Scott Free
Scott Shawn DeRocks 
Sean Toose
Sergio N'General
Seymour Butz 
Seymour Heiney 
Seymour Movies
Shanda Lear 
Shara Joint 
Sharon Apartment
Sharon Needles
Sharon Sharalike
Shea Verpussee 
Sheeza Freak 
Shel Vigo
Shelia Tackya 
Sheri Cola
Sherman Tank
Sherman Wadd Evver 
Shirley Knot 
Shirley U. Jest
Shlomo Sectshual, the Gay Rabbi
Sid Downe & Chad Upp 
Sigfreid Denroy 
Simon Eyes
Sir Fin Waves 
Skip Dover 
Skip Roper 
Sonny Day 
Sonya Mind
Sophie Bulanold 
Sophie Lirchest 
Sophie Lizcock 
Stacey Rhect 
Stan Back
Stan Bymee
Stan Dandyliver
Stan Down
Stan Dupp
Stan Dyerground 
Stan Pat
Stanley Cup 
Stanley Steamer
Starr E. Sky
Stella Virgin 
Sterling Silver 
Storm E. See
Stu Pendousdork 
Stu Pidity
Stu Pitt 
Sue Case 
Sue Cherself
Sue D'Bastards
Sue E. Side 
Sue Flocky 
Sue Perficial
Sue Permann
Sue Purb 
Sue Ridge 
Sue Shee 
Sue Yourazzof 
Sue Yu 
Summer Camp 
Summer Dey 
Summer Greene
Sven D. Ugetov 
Sy Kadelik
Sy Nondeline
Sy Philus 
Tad Pohl
Talia Wutt
Tamara Knight 
Tamara Z. Notherday
Tanya Hyde 
Tara Hymen
Tate Urchips 
Taylor Maide 
Ted E. Baer 
Telly Vision 
Teresa Green 
Teresa Placeforus
Terra Pisapaper 
Terry Bull
Terry Clothrobe 
Terry Dactul
Tess Tickle 
Thomas Richard Harry
Thor Aikinhead 
Thor Sheblows
Thurston Unger
Tillie Dyes
Tim Buck II 
Tim Burr 
Tim Pest 
Tina See 
Titus A. Drum 
Titus Canbee 
Tom A. Toe 
Tom Aido 
Tom Braider 
Tom Katt 
Tom Morrow
Tom O'Dyinday
Tom Uhhaukchahp 
Tommy Jeans 
Tony Awards 
Torah Hyman 
Tristan Shout 
Trudy Lookinglass
Trudy Yerschool
Truer Faltz
Tuesday Knight
Ty Coon
Ty Juan On
Ty Kwando 
Ty Lenol
Ty Tannick 
Ty Tass 
Ty Twad
Tyrone Shoelaces
Tyrone Shoes 
U DeMann
U. Arnold Phartt 
U. Ben Yakinov 
U. O. Money
U.P. Freehly 
U.R. Dumb
Uben Hadd 
Ulee Daway 
Uma Ghosh 
Upton O'Good
Uriel Smart 
Ursula Happytune
Uta Bomb 
Uta Mann
Uta Payne
Val Crow 
Val Lay 
Val Lee Girl
Val Veeta 
Val Volean 
Val Yum 
Van Ishingpoint 
Van Quish
Van Tasstic 
Vanna Desedays
Vanna Teafair
Vanna Teapress
Velvet Cushion 
Velvet Fogg 
Verna Lee Quinox
Vic Tim Mize
Vic Toree
Vic Trolla
Victor E. Lane 
Victor E. March
Vinny Shinblinds
Virginia Hamm
Vlad Tire 
Vye Brator 
Waldo R. Fastoria 
Waldo Walkarpiting 
Walter E. Graves
Walter Melon 
Walter Melon
Walter Walcarpeting
Wanda Hughes Kissinger 
Wanda Party
Wanda Rinn
Wanda Schtupp?
Wanda Sleeplate 
Wanda Watts Upp
Wanna Hickey
Warren D'Gulf
Warren Peace 
Warren Remembrance
Warren T. 
Watson Yurface 
Wayne Deer 
Wayne Dwopp
Wayne Kerr 
Wayne King 
Weldon Chuck Roast 
Weldon Rumproast
Wendell Ottery
Wendy Boughbreaks 
Wendy Expectimback
Wendy Goin-Getztuff 
Wendy Lottery 
Wendy Shoofitz
Wendy Windbloes 
Will Barrow
Will N. Testament 
Will Power 
Will Race
Will U. Marryme
Will U. Suckme 
Will Wynn 
Will Yashadup
William Arryme
Willie Arwontee 
Willie B. Long 
Willie Buyit
Willie Dewer
Willie Everlearn
Willie Maykit
Willy Gofar 
Wilma Ballstopitchin 
Wilma Dickfit 
Windy Day
Winn Dough 
Winnie Bago 
Winnie Dipoo 
Winsom Cash
Woody DuWitt
Wright Ball
Wynn Dee Weather 
X. Benedict
X. Marx D'Spot
X. Ray Specs
Xavier Breath 
Xavier Money 
Xavier Self
Yitzhak Ryme 
Yolanda Mann 
Yora Hogg
York Hunt
York Rapp
Yule B. Sari 
Yule Bringham Joy
Yuri Diculous
Yuri Greta Remarque
Yuri Joyce
Yuri Member
Yuri Nallisiss 
Yuri Neighshun
Yuri Pulsive
Yuri Sponsible
Yuri Thritis
Yussef Uckinliar
Yves Drop 
Yvonne Tibet
Zack A. Potatoes 
Zack Lee Wright
Zack O'Shit
Zack Ramento 
Zack Religious
Zalt Ann Pepper 
Zeke N. Yeshallfind 
Zelda Merchindiz 
Zoe Ology
Zoltan Pepper Military Names 
Colonel O. Korn
Corporal Punishment
General Admission
General Anethstisia
General E. Speaking
General Incompetence
General Principles
General Store
General Weakness
Major Asshole
Major B. O.
Major Disaster
Major Hardon 
Major Lee Small 
Major Payne
Major Paynin D'Arse
Major Problems
Major Snafu
Private Parts
Private Road
Rear Admiral Butts

Foreign Names
Alcott Yubolsov
Chew Man Chew
Di A. Rea
Dobe Fugin Widdat
Dook N. Pants
F. R. Ting
Haka Lue Gie
Henotter Titiov
Ho Hum
Hoo Flung Pooh
Hu Flung Dung
Iman S. Hole
Kis Myass
Pee Don Yu
Schrivalup Andropov
Shiek Yiboudi
Som Dum Guy
Som Yung Chick
Tai Mai Shu
Tai Mi Shu 
Wong Tern
Wong Wei
Yung N. Dum
Yura Stinker

Doctor's Names
Dr .Ken Hurt
Dr. A. Sickman
Dr. Achey 
Dr. Aikenhead
Dr. Albright
Dr. Alden Cockburn 
Dr. Anger 
Dr. B. Sick
Dr. Bacon Moore 
Dr. Bjerk
Dr. Bloodgood 
Dr. Bonebrake 
Dr. Bones
Dr. Bozzo 
Dr. Bratt 
Dr. Brilliant
Dr. Busyhead 
Dr. Butcher
Dr. Call
Dr. Cheek
Dr. Chew (dentist)
Dr. Chu (dentist)
Dr. Crook 
Dr. Daryl B Payne
Dr. De Kay (dentist)
Dr. Deadman
Dr. Drewel (dentist)
Dr. Duck Lim 
Dr. Ether
Dr. Fang (dentist)
Dr. Fear
Dr. Filler (dentist)
Dr. Flash Gordon 
Dr. Frank Staggers 
Dr. Frye (burn specialist)
Dr. Gentle
Dr. Gore 
Dr. Grossberger 
Dr. Grunt
Dr. Gutman
Dr. Hand
Dr. Harm
Dr. Harry Bear 
Dr. Hart
Dr. Heine
Dr. Hipps 
Dr. Holler
Dr. Howard Hertz 
Dr. Hurter
Dr. Hurtt
Dr. Hyman
Dr. J.A.W. (dentist)
Dr. James D. Cure 
Dr. Khan Do
Dr. Kidder 
Dr. Klotz
Dr. Klutts
Dr. Kwak
Dr. Lana Cain 
Dr. Lancit
Dr. Les Plack (dentist)
Dr. Lipkiss 
Dr. Lipp 
Dr. Lips
Dr. Long Vu 
Dr. Looney
Dr. Mangle
Dr. Meek 
Dr. Mehmet A. Okay 
Dr. Mohammed Behairy 
Dr. Mollar. (Dental school professor)
Dr. Myracle
Dr. Nasti
Dr. Nervo
Dr. Nightengale 
Dr. Ohno
Dr. Pain
Dr. Patient
Dr. Payne
Dr. Pepper
Dr. Pick (dentist)
Dr. Pullen (dentist)
Dr. Pullman (dentist)
Dr. Pulse
Dr. Rash
Dr. Ricketts 
Dr. Root (dentist)
Dr. Schotz
Dr. Seymour Frankfurt 
Dr. Seymour Weiner
Dr. Shugar
Dr. Si Yoo 
Dr. Skinner (dermatologist)
Dr. Slaughter
Dr. Smiley
Dr. Spine 
Dr. Spits (dentist)
Dr. Spot
Dr. Swallow (dentist)
Dr. Thomas Glasscock 
Dr. Toothman
Dr. Waki Ho 
Dr. Whitehead (dermatologist)
Dr. Yankum (dentist)
Dr. Yellin

Veteranians
Dr. Barker
Dr. Barksdale
Dr. Basset
Dr. Bowser
Dr. Butcher
Dr. Doolittle
Dr. Fish
Dr. Fox
Dr. Hogg
Dr. Howell
Dr. Katz
Dr. Leash
Dr. Lyons
Dr. Nay
Dr. Parrott
Dr. Pett
Dr. Render
Dr. Shepard
Dr. Wagy
Dr. Wolff
Dr. WoofDiner: I can't eat such a rotten chicken.Call the manager!
Waiter: It's no use. He won't eat it either.A man was searching the dictionary for the word 'Dictionary'. He found this meaning: Dictionary is the thing you are holding, Stupid. Wondering what the definition of stupid was, he searched for the word stupid, he found: Is that you again?It is illegal to take more than three sips of beer at a time while standing. 

A recently passed anticrime law requires criminals to give their victims 24 hours notice, either orally or in writing, and to explain the nature of the crime to be committed. 

It is unlawful for a person to consume an alcoholic beverage while operating a motor vehicle upon a public roadway, if the person is observed doing so by a peace officer. 

The entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned in Texas because it contains a formula for making beer at home. 

When two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other has gone. 

It is illegal to drive without windshield wipers. You don't need a windshield, but you must have the wipers. 

You can be legally married by publically introducing a person as your husband or wife 3 times. 

A city ordinance states that a person cannot go barefoot without first obtaining a special five-dollar permit. 

It is illegal for one to shoot a buffalo from the second story of a hotel. 

It is illegal to milk another person's cow. 

Abilene 
It is illegal to idle or loiter anyplace within the corporate limits of the city for the purpose of flirting or mashing. 

Austin 
Wire cutters can not be carried in your pocket. 

Borger 
It is against the law to throw confetti, rubber balls, feather dusters, whips or quirts (riding crop), and explosive firecrackers of any kind. 

Clarendon 
It is illegal to dust any public building with a feather duster. 

El Paso 
Churches, hotels, halls of assembly, stores, markets, banking rooms, railroad depots, and saloons are required to provide spittoons "of a kind and number to efficiently contain expectorations into them." 

Houston 
Beer may not be purchased after midnight on a Sunday, but it may be purchased on Monday. 

It is illegal to sell Limburger cheese on Sunday. 

Galveston
It is illegal to drive a motor car down Broadway before noon on Sundays. 

Jasper 
Dogs must be on a leash at ALL times. Fine of 100 dollars. 

LeFors 
It is illegal to take more than three swallows of beer while standing. 

Lubbock County 
It is illegal to drive within an arm's length of alcohol - including alcohol in someone else's blood stream. 

Mesquite 
It is illegal for children to have unusual haircuts. 

Port Arthur 
Obnoxious odors may not be emitted while in an elevator. 

Richardson 
It is now illegal to place a "for sale" sign on a car if it visible from the street. 

San Antonio 
It is illegal for both sexes to flirt or respond to flirtation using the eyes and/or hands. 

It is illegal to urinate on the Alamo. 

Temple 
No one may ride a horse and buggy through the town square. 

You can ride your horse in the saloon. 

Cattle thieves may be hanged on the spot. 

Texarkana 
Owners of horses may not ride them at night without tail lights.1. I had someone ask for an aisle seat so that their hair wouldn't get messed up by being near the window.


2. A client called in inquiring about a package to Hawaii. After going over all the cost information, she asked, "Would it be cheaper to fly to California and then take the train to Hawaii?"


3. I got a call from a woman who wanted to go to Capetown. I started to explain the length of the flight and the passport information when she interrupted me with "I'm not trying to make you look stupid, but Cape Town is in Massachusetts." Without trying to make her look like the stupid one, I calmly explained, "Cape Cod is in Massachusetts, Capetown is in Africa."

Her response was "click."


4. A man called, furious about a Florida package we did. I asked what was wrong with the vacation in Orlando. He said he was expecting an ocean-view room. I tried to explain that is not possible, since Orlando is in the middle of the state. He replied, "Don't lie to me. I looked on the map and Florida is a very thin state."


5. I got a call from a man who asked, "Is it possible to see England from Canada?" 

I said, "No." 

He said, "But they look so close on the map."


6. Another man called and asked if he could rent a car in Dallas. When I pulled up the reservation, I noticed he had a 1-hour lay over in Dallas. When I asked him why he wanted to rent a car, he said, "I heard Dallas was a big airport, and I need a car to drive between the gates to save time."


7. A nice lady just called. She needed to know how it was possible that her flight from Detroit left at 8:20am and got into Chicago at 8:33am. I tried to explain that Michigan was an hour ahead of Illinois, but she could not understand the concept of time zones. Finally I told her the plane went very fast, and she bought that!


8. A woman called and asked, "Do airlines put your physical description
on your bag so they know whose luggage belongs to who?" I said, "No, why do you ask?" She replied, "Well, when I checked in with the airline, they put a tag on my luggage that said FAT, and I'm overweight, is there any connection?" After putting her on hold for a minute while "I looked into it," (I was actually laughing) I came back and explained that the city code for Fresno is FAT, and that the airline was just putting a destination tag on her luggage.


9. I just got off the phone with a man who asked, "How do I know which plane to get on?" I asked him what exactly he meant, to which he replied, "I was told my flight number is 823, but none of these darn planes have numbers on them."


10. "A woman called and said, "I need to fly to Pepsi-cola on one of those computer planes." I asked if she meant to fly to Pensacola on a commuter plane. She said, "Yeah, whatever."

11. A businessman called and had a question about the documents he needed in order to fly to China. After a lengthy discussion about passports, I reminded him he needed a visa. "Oh no I don't, I've been to China many
times and never had to have one of those." I double-checked and sure enough, his stay required a visa. When I told him this he said, Look, I've been to China four times and every time they have accepted my American Express."

12. A woman called to make reservations. "I want to go from Chicago to Hippopotamus, New York." The agent was at a loss for words. Finally, the agent asked, "Are you sure that's the name of the town?" 

"Yes, what flights do you have?" replied the customer. 

After some searching, the agent came back with, "I'm sorry, ma'am, I've looked up every airport code in the country and can't find a Hippopotamus anywhere." 

The customer retorted,"Oh don't be silly. Everyone knows where it is. Check your map!" 

The agent scoured a map of the state of New York and finally offered, "You don't mean Buffalo, do you?"

 "That's it! I knew it was a big animal!"A woman was in bed with her lover when she heard her husband opening the front door. "Hurry!" she said, "stand in the corner." She quickly rubbed baby oil all over him and then she dusted him with talcum powder. "Don't move until I tell you to," she whispered. "Just pretend you're a statue." 

"What's this, honey?" the husband inquired as he entered the room. "Oh, it's just a statue," she replied nonchalantly. "The Smiths bought one for their bedroom. I liked it so much, I got one for us too." 

No more was said about the statue, not even later that night when they went to sleep. Around two in the morning the husband got out of bed, went to the kitchen and returned a while later with a sandwich and a glass of milk. 

"Here," he said to the 'statue', "eat something. I stood like an idiot at the Smiths for three days and nobody offered me as much as a glass of water."A city slicker decided to buy himself a pig, so he drove to the country until he saw a sign that said "PIGS FOR SALE". 
Turning into the driveway, he spotted the farmer, told him what he wanted, and they agreed on a price. They went to the barn where the farmer picked up a pig by the tail with his teeth. "Yup, that there swine weighs 74 pounds." 

Noticing the man's bewilderment, the farmer explained that it was a family trait, passed on through generations, to be able to precisely weigh pigs in that manner.  The city slicker, however, insisted on a second opinion. So the farmer called his son over and the boy came up with the same result.  The man was ready to buy the pig on the spot, but the farmer said to go on up to the house and pay his wife. The man could then bring the receipt back to the farmer and take the pig.  After a long wait, the city slicker finally returned, but without a receipt. 

"What's the problem, son?" asked the farmer. 
"I went up there like you said," said the man, "And your wife was too busy." 
"Busy doing what?" 
"Well, don't quote me on this," he warned, "But I think she was weighing the milkman."--That comment about Elton being "twice the woman" she ever was.
 
--Caught Eminem fantasizing about killing other women. 

--Sick of hiding her love for the Insane Clown Posse. 

--Sure, he talks and raps like a black man, but when he takes down his pants... 

--Would rather end up like Nicole Kidman than Nicole SIMPSON. 

--Overheard 5-year-old daughter shouting, "Faggot!" while watching "Mr. Rogers". 

--Recently overtaken by a strange and unfamiliar compulsion to live past the age of 35. 

--I mean come on, people. . . the dude LOST TO STEELY DAN!!! 

--Thanks to a recent surgery, her head's no longer implanted deep within her own rectum. 

...And The Top Reason Eminem's Wife Filed For Divorce. . . 

--Sick of dating a rich, famous, abusive bastard. Would like to try a poor, unknown abusive bastard for a change.An older man, Mr.Brown, in his hospital room knew that he was nearing his death, so he called in the three people that he trusted the most - his doctor, his pastor, and his lawyer. They were all waiting sadly outside of his room, when he called in his doctor. The doctor walked in slowly expecting to have to reassure the diagnosis. To his surprise, his patient handed him $30,000 in cash. Mr. Brown simply said, "When I die, put this in my coffin." 
    
   The doctor walked walked out confused and told the pastor that Mr. Brown was ready for him. Now the pastor walked in expecting for Mr. Brown to confess every sin he ever committed in hopes of ending it right. To his surprise, the old man handed him another $30,000; Mr. Brown simply repeated himself. 

   His pastor walked out searching the possibilities and told the lawyer that his client was ready for him. The lawyer walked in expecting that his client would want to review his will. To his surprise, Mr. Brown handed him another $30,000 and calmly repeated himself.

   Later that night, Mr. Brown passed on. 3 days later his lamenting family members set up a small funeral in his honor. The lawyer, the doctor, and the pastor all showed up. After the funeral, they gathered and discussed what they did with the small fortunes so simply handed to them.

   The doctor spoke up with a look of defeat on his face, "I was going to return the money, but that poor little girl could not afford the operation." The pastor spoke up with a similar look, "I was going to return the money, but we were so close to the price of the new sanctuary." The lawyer spoke up with the look of triumph on his face, "I knew that ya'll would fail, so I wrote a check for $90,000 to cover all of our debt."Little Johnny was playing with his father's wallet when he accidently swallowed a quarter. He went crying to his mom, choking on the quarter. They took him to a doctor, who said that the quarter was impossible to remove without surgery, they consulted a specialist who was of the same opinion. Then came a man who said he could get the money out in a jiffy. He turned little Johnny upside down and patted him with great precision on the back of neck and, sure enough, the quarter rolled out. Everyone was amazed, the father said "You must be an expert!" The man replied, "No sir I'm just a tax collector."During class, a teacher trying to teach good manners asks the students, one by one -

"John, if you were on a date, having supper with a nice young lady, how would you tell her that you have to go to the bathroom?"

"Just a minute, I have to go piss."

The teacher replied "That would be rude and impolite!"

"What about you, Michael, how would you say it?"

"I am sorry, but I really need to go to the bathroom, I'll be right back."

The teacher responded, "That's better, but it's still not very nice to say the word bathroom at the table."

"And you, Billy, are you able to use your intelligence for once and show us your good manners?"

"I would say: Darling, may I please be excused for a moment, I have to shake hands with a very dear friend of mine, whom I hope you'll get to meet after supper."

The teacher fainted.You Know You're Addicted to Harry Potter When...
 
1.) You make a wand and try to use it.

2.) You call your least favorite teacher Snape.

3.) You call your favorite teacher Dumbledore.

4.) You wear robes to school or work.

5.) You make "floo powder", get in the fire, and try to go to your friends' house.

6.) You have read all the books more than four times.

7.) You've been bookstore at midnight to get the latest Harry Potter book before all your friends.

8.) You've worn a Harry Potter costume in public.

9.) You have a crush on one of the Harry Potter characters.

10.) You've gotten at least one of your friends addicted to Harry Potter.

11.) You actually caught the "Wand Order" mistake before you heard/read about it.

12.) You are upset at the New York Times for creating a seperate childrens best seller list because of the Harry Potter books.

13.) Using clues in the book, you have attempted to find the exact geographical location of Hogwarts.

14.) You have constructed a timeline of events in the Harry Potter books.

15.) You have attempted to figure out the exact ages of all the Weasley children.

16.) You have spent time contemplating which main characters will die by the time the series is over.

17.) You've been to see all the Harry Potter movies on opening night. (Bonus points for standing in line in costume!)

18.) You've read Harry Potter fanfic.

19.) You've written Harry Potter fanfic.

20.) You run a Harry Potter fansite.

21.) You visit The Leaky Cauldron daily.

22.) You've met other Harry Potter fans from online in real life.

23.) You've participated in a Harry Potter RPG.

24.) You've dreamed about Harry Potter.

25.) You have a Harry Potter poster on your wall.

26.) Each Halloween, there's no question what you'll dress up as...!

27.) You've spent time doing a timeline to see if you would have been old enough to date a certain character when you were in high school.

28.) You've vacationed to London, simply to search for the Leaky Cauldron.

29.) You own a black lab named Sirius Black.

30.) You've knitted a Weasley sweater or Harry Potter scarf.

31.) You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends who are addicted to Harry Potter!Little Johnny was doing his homework, and it was some sort of code where you had to fill in which letter is which, i.e. the letter a = 1, b = 2, d = 4, etc.  He got to one that he didn't know which number it was, and he decided to ask his father, who was sitting on the couch next to him.

Little Johnny said, "Hey dad, can you tell me what the 25th letter of the alphabet is?"

The dad answered, "Y."

Little Johnny said, "Because I wanna know. Gosh, do you know it or not?"

The dad said, "Y, son!"

Little Johnny said, "Because I wanna know, and if you want to deny it again, then you are more of a *&^%ing *&^%$ than a ^&*# on a %$#@!

The dad took this hard, and said meekly, "It's the letter 'y', son."

Little Johnny said, "Oh, thank you, dad. So I guess this would be a bad time to ask for a raise for my allowance, eh?"Young Justin has a cursing problem, and his father's getting tired of it.

He decides to ask a shrink what to do. The shrink says, "Negative reinforcement. Since Christmas is coming up, ask Justin what he wants from Santa. If he curses while he tells you his wish list, leave a pile of dog poop in place of each gift he requests."

Two days before Christmas, Justin's father asks him what he wants for Christmas. "I want a damn teddy bear lying beside me when I wake up. When I go downstairs, I want to see a damn train going around the damn tree. And when I go outside, I want to see a damn bike leaning up against the damn garage."

On Christmas morning, Justin wakes up and rolls into a pile of dog poop. Confused, he walks downstairs and sees another pile under the tree. He walks outside, looks at a huge pile of dog poo by the garage, and walks inside. His dad smiles and asks, "What did Santa bring you this year?"

Justin replies, "I think I got a goddamn dog, but I can't find the son of a bitch!"Q: How many IBM engineers does it take to change a light bulb?

A: None. They merely change the standard to darkness and upgrade the customers.A woman was singing. One of the guests turned to a man by his side and criticized the singer. "What a terrible voice!" he said. "Do you know who she is?"

"Yes," was the answer. "She is my wife."

"Oh, I beg your pardon." The man said, "Of course her voice is not bad, but the song is very bad. I wonder who wrote that awful song."

"I did." was the answer.I studied and studied and came up with a conclusion


1. The sport of choice for the urban poor is BASKETBALL. 

 






2. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is BOWLING. 

 






3. The sport of choice for front-line workers is FOOTBALL. 

 






4. The sport of choice for supervisors is BASEBALL. 

 






5. The sport of choice for middle management is TENNIS. 

 





6. The sport of choice for corporate officers is GOLF. 




AMAZING CONCLUSION: 


The higher you are in the corporate structure, the smaller your balls become.Why did the book have to go to the hospital?





   Because it injured its spine.One afternoon a blonde walked into a small store. The store was having a special on CD players. She walked up to a CD player, then picked it up, and proceeded to the front counter, where she asked two employees what the price was.

The two men looked at each other, and one of them said to the other in an audible whisper, "Don't worry, she's a stupid and dumb blonde. Let's raise the price!" The blonde COULD hear this, but said nothing. The other man nodded to his fellow employee, and said, "Okay, ma'am, the price is $75.00."

Amazingly, the blonde agreed, and paid the money, then got her CD player.

*****************************************

A couple hours later, the blonde comes in again. The same two men are there. Thinking that she had gotten a good deal on the CD player, she wanted to know if she could get any more good deals.

She was just about to ask the two men if there were any other specials when she started blinking her eyes as if she had been offended. One of the employees asked her, "Is there something wrong?"

The blonde answered, "Hey! You don't talk to me! I AM NOT dumb, and I AM NOT stupid.  HOW could you insult me like that?" 

The blonde stormed out of the store.Eminem/ M & M:

I don't like the rapper, but I like the candy inside the wrapper.1. You know you're a redneck when you go out with your girlfriend and you don't realize she has her other boyfriend with her.

2. You know you're a redneck when you use a barstool as a walker.

3. You know you're a redneck when your mowing your lawn and you find a car.

4. You know you're a redneck when you fall asleep with one hand down your pants and a beer in the other hand.This little boy asked his mother one day why his father had no hair.
His mother replied, "Well dear, that's because he thinks alot."
Having prided herself with coming up with such a wonderful answer she heard her son say,
"Gee mommy I'm sure glad you don't think 'cause you'd look funny with no hair!"You know you're a redneck when your brand new tv is sitting on your old ones.It was spring in the old west.
The cowboys rode the still snow-choked trails, looking for cattle that survived the winter.

As one cowboy's horse went around the narrow trail, it came upon a rattlesnake warming itself in the spring sunshine. The horse reared, and the cowboy drew his six-gun to shoot the snake.

"Hold on there, partner," said the snake, "don't shoot - I'm an enchanted rattlesnake, and if you don't shoot me, I'll give you any three wishes you want."

The cowboy decided to take a chance; he knew he was safely out of the snake's striking range. He said, "OK, first, I'd like to have a face like Clark Gable, then, I'd like a build like Arnold Schwarzenegger, and finally, I'd like sexual equipment like this here horse I'm riding."

The rattlesnake said, "All right, when you get back to the bunk house you'll have all three wishes."

The cowboy turned his horse around and galloped at full speed all the way to the bunk house. He dismounted on the run and went straight inside to the mirror.

Staring back at him in the mirror was the face of Clark Gable.

He ripped the shirt off his back and revealed bulging, rippling muscles, just like Arnold Schwarzenegger. Really excited now, he tore down his jeans, looked at his crotch and shouted...

"Oh My God... I was riding the MARE!Cards That You Won't Find At Hallmark -

"Looking back over the years that we've been together, I can't help but wonder: What was I thinking?"

"Congratulations on your wedding day! Too bad no one likes your wife."

"How could two people as beautiful as you have such an ugly baby?"

"I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love. After having met you, I've changed my mind."

"I must admit, you brought religion into my life. I never believed in Hell until I met you."

"As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me."

"As you grow older, Mum, I think of all the gifts you've given me. Like the need for therapy. . ."

"Thanks for being a part of my life! I never knew what evil was before this!"

"Before you go, I would like you to take this knife out of my back. You'll probably need it again."

"Someday I hope to get married; but not to you."

"You look great for your age. Almost Lifelike!"

"When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broken up, I think it's time you kept your promise."

"I knew the day would come when you would leave me for my best friend. So here's his leash, water bowl and chew toys."

"We have been friends for a very long time. What do you say we call it quits?"

"I'm so miserable without you - it's almost like you're here."

"Congratulations on your new bundle of joy.............. Did you ever find out who the father is?"

"You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship and there was only one life jacket.... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often."

"Your friends and I wanted to do something special for your birthday --------- So we're having you put to sleep."It's only funny until someone gets hurt... 

Then it's hilarious!A baby turtle was standing at the bottom of a large tree and with a deep sigh, started to climb. About an hour later, he reached a very high branch and walked along to the end. He turned and spread all four flippers and launched himself off the branch.

When he landed at the bottom in a pile of soft, dead leaves, he shook himself off, walked back to the bottom of the tree, and with a sigh started to climb.

About an hour later, he again reached the very high branch, walked along, turned, spread his flippers and flung himself off the branch. Again, he landed on the bottom, shook himself off, went to the bottom of the tree, sighed and started climbing. 

Watching these proceedings from the end of the branch were two little birds. Mommy bird turned to Daddy bird and said, "Don't you think it's time we told him he was adopted?"A priest and a minister were going on vacation (seperately) when their flight got postponed. They meet each other and deside to go across the street to a bar until their flight. Little did they know, it was a gay bar. When a man started hitting on the priest he grew fruious and the gay man stalked off. A little while later a big, buff man walks over to the priest and says
"Why the Hell did you start screaming at my boyfriend for no reason?"
The minister, seeing that the priest was at a loss of words, takes the big man out of earshot of the priest and talks to him. 
After he comes back without the big man, the priest asks him,
"What did you say to him?"
The minister calmly repies
"I told him that we were on our way to our honeymoon and our flight got posponed."A Texan farmer goes to Australia for a vacation.

There he meets an Aussie farmer and gets talking.

The Aussie shows off his big wheat field and the Texan says, "Oh! We have wheat fields that are at least twice as large."

Then they walk around the ranch a little, and the Aussie shows off his herd of cattle. The Texan immediately says, "We have longhorns that are at least twice as large as your cows."

The conversation has, meanwhile, almost died when the Texan sees a mob of kangaroos hopping through the field.

He asks, "And what are those?"

The Aussie, fed up with the Texan's bragging replies with an incredulous look,
"What, don't you have any grasshoppers in Texas?"A blonde is speaking to her psychiatrist.
"I'm on the road a lot, and my clients are complaining that they can never reach me."

Psychiatrist: "Don't you have a phone in your car?"
Blonde: "That was a little too expensive, so I did the next best thing. I put a mailbox in my car."

Psychiatrist: "Uh ... How's that working?"
Blonde: "Actually, I haven't gotten any letters yet."

Psychiatrist: "And why do you think that is?"
Blonde: "I figure it's because when I'm driving around, my zip code keeps changing."yo mammas breath so nasty that when she burps her teeth have to duckThe master, to impress on his pupils the need of thinking before speaking, told them to count to fifty before saying anything important, and to one hundred if it was very important. The next day he was speaking, standing with his back to the fire, when he noticed several lips moving rapidly. Suddenly the whole class shouted: "Ninety-eight, ninety-nine, a hundred. Your coat is on fire, sir!"I went into your house, took a booger off the wall and yo mamma told me not to touch the family portrait.Your mom is so stupid she tried to wake up a sleeping bag.Yo Mama's so ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people say, "Damn! Is it Halloween already?"This man goes along to the Patent Office with some of his new designs.

He says to the clerk, "I'd like to register my new invention. It's a folding bottle."

"OK," says the clerk. "What do you call it?"
"A fottle," replies the inventor.

"A fottle? That's stupid! Can't you think of something else?"

"I can think about it. I've got something else though. It's a folding carton."

"And what do you call that?" asks the clerk.

"A farton", replies the inventor.

"That's rude. You can't possibly call it that!"

"In that case," says the inventor...
"You're really going to hate the name of my folding bucket."If you have raised kids (or been one), and gone through the pet syndrome including toilet-flush burials for dead goldfish. It's a long story but one that will have you laughing out LOUD!

Overview: I had to take my son's hamster to the vet. Here's what happened:

Just after dinner one night, my son came up to tell me there was something wrong with one of the two hamsters he holds prisoner in his room. "He's just lying there looking sick," he told me, "I'm serious, Dad. Can you help?"

I put my best hamster-healer look on my face and followed him into his bedroom. One of the little rodents was indeed lying on his back, looking stressed. I immediately knew what to do. (Call my wife.)

"Honey," I called, "come look at the hamster!" "Oh, my gosh," my wife diagnosed after a minute. "She's having babies." "What?" my son demanded.

"But their names are Bert and Ernie, Mom!"

I was equally outraged. "Hey, how can that be?! I thought we said we didn't want them to reproduce!" I accused my wife. "Well, what do you want me to do, post a sign in their cage?!" she inquired. (I actually think she had the gall to say this sarcastically.)

"No, but you were supposed to get two boys!" I reminded her (in my most loving, calm, sweet voice, while gritting my teeth together). "Yeah, Bert and Ernie!" my son agreed. "Well, it's just a little hard to tell on some guys, ya know," she informed me. (Again with the sarcasm, ya think?)

By now the rest of the family had gathered to see what was going on. I shrugged, deciding to make the best of it. "Kids, this is going to be a wonderous experience," I announced. "We're about to witness the miracle of birth."

"Oh, gross!" they shrieked.

"Well, isn't THAT just great! What are we going to do with a litter of tiny little hamster babies?" my wife wanted to know. (I really do think she was being snotty here, too, don't you?)

We peered at the patient. After much struggling, what looked like a tiny foot would appear briefly, vanishing a scant second later. "We don't appear to be making much progress," I noted.

"It's breech," my wife whispered, horrified. "Do something, Dad!" my son urged. "Okay, okay." Squeamishly, I reached in and grabbed the foot when it next appeared, giving it a gingerly tug. It disappeared. I tried several more times with the same results.

"Should I call 911?" my eldest daughter wanted to know, "maybe they could talk us through the trauma." (You see a pattern here with the females in my house?)

"Let's get Ernie to the vet," I said grimly.

We drove to the vet with my son holding the cage in his lap. "Breathe, Ernie, breathe," he urged.

"I don't think hamsters do Lamaze," his mother noted. (Women can be so cruel to their own young. I mean, what she does to ME is one thing, but this boy is of her womb.)

The vet took Ernie back to the examining room and peered at the little animal through a magnifying glass. "What do you think, Doc, a c-section?" I suggested scientifically. My son appeared impressed by my observation.

"Oh, very interesting," he murmured. "Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, may I speak to you privately for a moment?" I gulped, nodding for my son to step outside.

"Is Ernie going to be okay?" My wife asked. "Oh, perfectly," the vet assured us.

"This hamster is not in labor. In fact, that isn't EVER going to happen, because Ernie is a boy."

"What?"

"You see, Ernie is a young male, and occasionally, as they come into maturity, like most male species, they um .... er ... masturbate, just the way he did, lying on his back." He blushed, glancing at my wife. "Well, you know what I'm saying, Mr. Cameron."

We were silent, absorbing this.

"So Ernie's just ... just ... excited?"! my wife offered.

"Exactly," the vet replied, relieved that we understood. More silence. Then my vicious, cruel wife started to giggle. And laugh. And then even laugh loudly!

"What's so funny?" I demanded, knowing, but not believing, that the woman I married would commit the upcoming affront to my flawless manliness. Tears were now running down her face.

"It's just ... that ... I'm picturing you pulling on its ... its teeny little ..." she gasped for more air to bellow in laughter once more.

"That's enough," I warned.

We thanked the Veterinarian and hurriedly bundled the hamsters and our son back into the car. He was glad everything was going to be okay.

"I know Ernie's really thankful for what you've done, Dad," he told me.

"Oh, you have NO idea," my wife agreed, once again collapsing into laughter.

Enough said.Once upon a time, there was a non-conforming sparrow who decided not to fly south for the winter.

However, soon the weather turned so cold that he reluctantly started to fly south. In a short time, ice began to form on his wings and he fell to earth in a barnyard, almost frozen.

A cow passed by and crapped on the little sparrow. The sparrow thought it was the end. But, the manure warmed him and defrosted his wings. Warm and happy, able to breathe, he started to sing. Just then a large cat came by and, hearing the chirping, investigated the sounds.
The cat cleared away the manure, found the chirping bird and promptly ate him.

The moral of the story:

1.) Everyone who craps on you is not necessarily your enemy.

2.) Everyone who gets you out of the crap is not necessarily your friend.

3.) And, if you're warm and happy in a pile of crap, keep your mouth shut.What did the clock say to the wristwatch?

"I enjoyed tocking with you, but now you're starting to tick me off."Vegetable: "Hey, lets get married."
Fruit: "I'm sorry."
Vegetable: "We could secretly get married."
Fruit: "No, we couldn't."
Vegetable: "Why?"
Fruit: "Because we can't elope."

Can't elope = cantelopeDo you know what style of shoes a frog loves most?

Open toad!Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a salted.Little Jimmy, Little Billy, and Jimmy's father were at an Art Museum.  Little Jimmy was looking at a picture of someone in a carriage being pulled by a horse.

Little Jimmy brought his father over to look at the picture, and he asked his father, "Daddy, what is this?"

His dad replied, "Why, that is a horse-drawn carriage!"

Little Jimmy excitedly ran over to Little Billy, brought him back to the picture, and said, "Billy, a horse drew this picture!!"THE MAN'S POINTS SYSTEM

For all you guys out there who just can't figure it out, here it is:

In the world of romance, one single rule applies: Make the woman happy. Do something she likes, and you get points. Do something she dislikes, and points are subtracted. You don't get any points for doing something she expects -sorry, that's the way the game is played.
Here is a guide to the point system:

SIMPLE DUTIES

You make the bed...+1 
You make the bed, but forget to add the decorative pillows...0 
You throw the bedspread over rumpled sheets...-1 
You go out to buy her spring-fresh extra-light panty
liners with wings...+5 But return with beer ...-5

You check out a suspicious noise at night ...0 
You check out a suspicious noise and it's nothing...0 
You check out a suspicious noise and it's something....+5  You pummel it with a six iron....+10 
It's her father...-10

You leave the toilet seat up...-5 
You replace the toilet-paper roll when it's empty...0 
When the toilet-paper roll is barren, you resort to Kleenex...-1 
When the Kleenex runs out you shuffle slowly to the next bathroom...-2

SOCIAL ENGAGEMENTS 

You stay by her side the entire party...0 
You stay by her side for a while, then leave to chat with a college drinking buddy...-2 
Named Tiffany...-4 
Tiffany is a dancer...-6 
Tiffany has implants...-8

HER BIRTHDAY

You take her out to dinner...0 
You take her out to dinner and it's not a sports bar...+1 Okay, it is a sports bar...-2 
And it's all-you-can-eat night...-3 
It's a sports bar, it's all-you-can-eat night, and your face is painted the colors of your favorite team...-10

THOUGHTFULNESS 

You forget her birthday completely...-20 
You forget your anniversary...-30
You forget to pick her up at the bus station...-45 
Which is in Newark, New Jersey...-50 
And the pouring rain dissolves her leg cast...-60

A NIGHT OUT WITH THE BOYS

Go out with a pal ...-5 
And the pal is happily married ...-4 
Or frighteningly single ...-7 
And he drives a Mustang...-10 
With a personalized license plate (GR8 N BED) ...-15

You have a few beers...-9 
And miss curfew by an hour...-12 
You miss curfew by an hour and you didn't call...-20 
You get home at 3 am...-30 
You get home at 3 am smelling of booze and cheap cigars
...-40 
And not wearing any pants...-50 
Is that a tattoo??...-200

HER NIGHT OUT 

You stay home while she goes out with her annoying
friends from work...+5 
She goes out with her annoying work friends, and she comes home real late...+10 
You wait up...+15 
She goes out, comes home late and drunk, and you put her to bed...+20

A NIGHT OUT

You take her to a movie...+2 
You take her to a movie she likes...+4 
You take her to a movie you hate...+6 
You take her to a movie you like...-2 
It's called DeathCop 3...-3 
Which features cyborgs having sex...-9 
You lied and said it was a foreign film about orphans...-15

FLOWERS 

You buy her flowers only when it's expected...0 
You buy her flowers as a surprise, just for the heck of it...+20 
You give her wildflowers you've actually picked yourself...+30 
And she contracts Lyme disease...-25

YOUR PHYSIQUE

You develop a noticeable potbelly...-15 
You develop a noticeable potbelly and exercise to get rid of it...+10
You develop a noticeable potbelly and resort to loose jeans and baggy Hawaiian shirts...-30 
You say, "I don't give a damn because you have one
too"....-800

FINANCES 

You spend a lot of money on something impractical...+5 Something she can't use...-10 
Such as a motorized model airplane...-20 
And you buy her a clock radio for her birthday...-40

DRIVING

You let her tell you how to drive...+20 
You let her mother tell you how to drive...+40 
You lost the directions on a trip...-4
You lost the directions and end up getting lost...-10 
You end up getting lost because you followed her directions...+10 
You end up getting lost in a bad part of town ...-15 
You get lost in a bad part of town and meet the locals up close and personal... -25 
You know them...-60

THE BIG QUESTION

She asks, "Do I look fat?"...-5 (Sensitive questions always start with a deficit) 
You hesitate in responding...-10 
You reply, "Where?"...-35

COMMUNICATION

When she wants to talk about a problem, you listen, displaying what looks like a concerned expression...0 
When she wants to talk, you listen, for over 30 minutes....+5 
You listen for more than 30 minutes without looking at the TV...+10 
She realizes this is because you've fallen asleep...-20A blonde's son was playing catch with his friend. The blonde was working in the yard, planting flowers and such.  Her son was throwing the baseball back and forth with his friend when he suddenly smiled.

He threw the baseball straight at his blonde mom, and yelled, "Think Fast!!!" so the blonde said silently to herself, "Fast, fast, fast, fast..." 

The blonde got herself hit right plop in the head.Your Momma's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles people SLOW DOWN!Don't drink and drive, you'll spill your beer.Women are like beer. They look good, smell good, taste good, and feel good. But after a while you gotta have another beer!Yo Momma so stupid, she got stabbed in a 
shoot-out.Yo Momma so poor, she wore her McDonalds uniform to church.The Poop Name List
__________________________________________________

 
The Perfect Dump-
Every once in a while, each of us experiences a perfect dump, it's rare, but a thing of beauty in all respects. You sit down expecting the worst, but what you get is a smooth sliding, fartless masterpiece that breaks the water with the splashless grace of an expert diver. But that's not the end of it. You use some toilet tissue only to find that it was totally unnecessary. It makes you feel that all is right with the world and you are in perfect harmony with it.

The Beer Dump-
Talk about nasty dumps. Depending on the dumper's tolerance, the beer dump is the end result of too many beers. it could have been 2 or 22, it doesn't matter. What you get is a sinister, lengthy, noisy dump accompanied by a malevolent fog that could close a bathroom for days.

The Chili Dump-
Hot when it goes in, and rocket fuel when it leaves. The chili dump stays with you all day, making your tush feel like a heat shield.

The Cable Dump- 
Long, curly and perfectly formed like 2 feet of E13 telephone CO-axial cable. It loops lazily around the bowl, like a friendly serpent. You wonder admiringly, "DID I DO THAT? Where did it come from?" you leave the bathroom pleased with yourself.

The Latrine Dump-
In case you didn't know, a latrine is a hole in the ground with a tent around it where soldiers, boy scouts and flies go to dump. Tip: Don't ever, ever look in the hole.

The Mona Lisa Dump-
This is the masterpiece of dumps. It's as perfectly formed as it can be. Delicate and slender with intricacies that would make da Vinci weep. And just think, you made it yourself. You may even want to break out the Polaroid, but maybe that's going a bit too far.

The Empty Roll Dump- 
You're done...you reach for the toilet paper only to discover that empty cardboard cylinder. A mild panic begins coldly in your throat. You could use the curtains...no, someone would say "Where are the curtains?" Then what would you say? The rug?...too cumbersome. Then you must come to the same conclusion that every "empty roll dumper" must face...Pull up your slacks, tighten your tush and wriggle yourself to the nearest full roll.

The Splash Back Dump-
You send the dump on its way, it drops like a depth charge into the bowl creating a column of cold bowl water that washes your bottom with a startlingly unpleasant shock. Now you're wet and embarrassed.
Tip: Blot instead of wiping.

The Aborted Dump- 
You are in mid-dump when the phone rings. What do you do? ABORT! Pinch it off, go for the phone, and save the rest for later. It isn't pretty, but you've gotta do what you gotta do.

The Caesarian Dump- 
Pain, that's what this dump and childbirth have in common. Its simply a case of too much dump trying to go through too small a hole, and there's no obstetrician to help.

The Alfresco Dump- 
Everyone has had to go outdoors from time to time. This can be a rather pleasant experience really. The open air, the nature, and a good bush all contribute to the peaceful ambiance that our primitive forefathers must have enjoyed. What can screw up this harmonious interlude is a troop of brownies or a patch of poison ivy.

The Childbirth Dump- 
This is a dump that is simply too big to go through the aperture provided by nature for the purpose. You sit there, thinking over your dilemma. First it hurts, and it isn't going to get any better. You wonder if you'll ever see your loved ones again. You imagine the newspaper headlines screaming "Man dies trying to hatch monster loaf". You realize you'll have to resolve the crisis before you can leave the bathroom. Basically there are only three things you can do:

1. Scream 
2. Call an Obstetrician 
3. Hope like hell have enough Vaseline to get you through it.

The Tijuana Trot Dump- 
The phrase "Sh*t Happens" really applies here in a big way. When the ice in your tainted margarita makes contact with your lower intestinal tract, the fun begins. For the next 72 hours you'd be better off if you carried your own portable toilet with you because you will spend most of that time on the pot and the rest of the time in a fetal position. Now you realize why Mexico never had a navy.

The Machine Gun Dump- 
You're just sitting there in a state of sublime peace when all of a sudden you emit a group of noisy gassy bursts that break the silence like machine gun fire. The guy in the next stall hits the floor like a combat veteran cradling his umbrella like an M16...damn commies.

The Sound Effect Dump- 
You feel a noisy one coming on. Relatives, friends or work mates are within earshot, so you must employ some clever techniques to cover the disgusting sounds you are about to emit. Timing is obviously very important here. At the precise moment of release, try the following sound effects: 

1. Flush the toilet 
2. Sing the first two stanzas of your national anthem 
3. Drop a handful of quarters on the floor 

The Security Dump-
You have enough on your mind when you're in the bathroom without worrying about a lockless door and someone bursting in to find you in mid-dump mode. So how can you prevent this embarrassing spectacle from taking place? One way is to strategically place your foot against the door. If you can't reach to do this...hum loudly

The Cling-On Dump- 
For the most part you've completed your dump, but there's one little morsel that refuses to drop off. You're getting impatient. Someone else wants to use your stall. So, you grip the seat with both hands and wriggle, twist and pump but that last little stubborn piece just hangs there, suspended, clinging like a canned peach between you and the bowl water. Maybe the person pounding impatiently on the door has scissors

The Houdini Dump- 
You go, then you stand up to flush, and the darn thing has disappeared. Where'd it go? Did it creep down the pipe? Did you dream the whole thing? Is it lurking out of sight? Should you wipe...maybe you should just to make sure you went. Should you flush? you'd better, because if you don't, you know it will reappear and smile at the next person who comes in

The Flu Dump- 
You feel so bad that you don't know which end of you to put down first. You have roaring cramps, so you sit down. Then a wave of nausea rolls over you like a cold fog, so you stand up and cramps squeeze your intestines like a vice so you sit down again...up down up down. Don't you wish Mom were close by?

The Porta-Pottie Dump-
Construction workers and outdoor concert goers will tell you about going in a portable toilet. My best description would be, "Its like taking a shit in an upright coffin". Its claustrophobic and it smells bad...best advice...go in a paper cup.

The Proctologist Dump- 
In the beginning, the lord created the earth, the sky and the firmament, but I hope he didn't create this dump, because there is nothing biblical about it, you run out of gas. That's right, you run out of propulsion. The dump is right there at the end of your barrel and refuses to go any further. You grunt, you squeeze, you wriggle but it just stays there like a lump of lead. You've only got two choices here. One is to squeeze the damn thing back up your intestine and wait until next time. The other is to pretend you're a proctologist and go after it yourself. Not a pretty picture is it?? 

The Whole Roll Dump- 
No matter how much you wipe, it doesn't seem to be enough. You blow the whole roll and you have to flush 25 times too. The whole episode is consumer waste.

The Graffiti Dump- 
You flush the dump and the swirling motion of the receding bowl water forces the dump to the porcelain sides, scraping a creative squiggle on its way down. You flush again but the curlicue hangs there...love it or leave it. Its your choice.

The Encore Dump- 
Ahhhh, you're done, so you wipe, put yourself together, wash your hands and are about to vacate the bathroom when you feel another dump coming. You have to return for a curtain call. The world's record is seven encores.

The Born Again Dump- 
This is a dump that's going so badly, you say "Lord, if I live through this, I'll take up religion" you always get through it, but seldom keep the promise you made in desperation, because a born again dump is like childbirth...you forget the pain quickly.What kind of monkey eats chips?

A chipmunk!This is a list of the worst names to have


Dick Hurtz

Hary Paratesticles

Mike Hunt

Mike Rotch

Anitta Manwhore

Anitta Johnson

Fuk Yao

Ike Anblow

Peter Pecker

I.C. Weiner

I.P. Freely

Seimore Butts

Bo Oobless

Dick Less

Issac Less

Tits McGee (ok, that was off Anchorman)

Ima Hornibusterd

Ima Uglibech

Ima DickFunny Book Titles
=========================

40 Yards to the Latrine by Willy Makeit and Betty Wont
50 years in the saddle by Major Asburn
A Bestiary of Plant Eaters: Herb Avore 
A Boxing Cornerman's Story: Dawson DeTowel 
A Great Plenty by E. Nuff
A Stitch in Time by Justin Case
A Stuntman To The End: Kenny Doitt 
A Trip to the Dentist by Yin Pain
A Whole Lot of Cats by Kitt N. Caboodle
Acrophobia Explained: Alfredo Heights 
Advanced Maths by Smart E. Pants
After The Corned Beef And Cabbage: Kay O'Pectate 
Ah, Thor!: Ty Till 
All Alone: Saul E. Terry 
Allegiance To The King: Neil Downe  
Almost Missed the Bus by Justin Time
Ambulance Driving: Adam Muhway 
Ambush! by May T. Surprise
And Shut Up! by Sid Downe
And the Other People by Allan Sundry
Animal Illnesses by Ann Thrax
Animal Scents: Farrah Mones 
April Fool! by Sue Prize
Archery: Beau N. Arrow 
Armed Heists by Robin Banks
Artificial Clothing by Polly Ester
Artificial Weightlessness by Andy Gravity
As Solid as...: Rocco Gibraltar 
Assault with Battery by Eva Ready
At The Bottom Of The Can: Hazel Nutt 
Athletic Supporter: Jacques Strap 
Back Row Of The Orchestra: Clara Nett 
Bad Cow Jokes: Terry Bull 
Bad Falls by Eileen Dover
Bad Gardeners: Wilt Plant 
Bad Investment: Les Riches 
Banquet at McDonalds: Tommy Ayk 
Baseball Tales by Homer
Battle Axes: Tom A. Hawk 
Big Fart! by Hugh Jass
Blonde Hair by Bim Bow
Blowout!: Vlad Tire 
Body Parts by Anne Atomy
Boring Midwestern Cities: Cole Lumbus 
Boy Scout's Handbook: Casey Needzit 
Brane Surjery Maid Simpel: Sarah Bellum 
Breaking the Law by Kermit A. Krime
Bring to the Grocer's by R. List
Bubbles in the Bathtub by Ivor Windybottom
Cab Calloway's Garden: Heidi Ho 
Candle-Vaulting by Jack B. Nimble
Car Capital Of The World: Mitch Egan 
Car Repairs: Axel Grease 
Care For A Chop?: Marsha Larts 
Carpet Fitting: Walter Wall 
Caulking Made Easy by Phil McKrevis
Chauvinistic Men by A. Lone
Cheaper than IBM: P.C. Clone 
Cheating on His Wife: Izzy Backyet 
Chest Pain by I. Coffalot
Chicago Gangs Of The '30's: Tommy Gunn 
Chicken Dishes by Nora Drumsticks.
Children's Songbook: Skip Tumalu 
Chinese Apathy: Hu Cares 
Circle Perimiter: Sir Cumference 
Classic Groceries: Chopin Liszt 
Cloning by Irma Dubble II
Clothes for Germ Kings by Mike Robes
College Athletics: Nancy Dubblelay 
Columbus, Vespucci, And Me: Enzo DiUrth 
Come on in! by Doris Open
Computer Memories: Meg Abight 
Confessions Of A Gold Digger: Emile Ticket 
Cooking Spaghetti by Al Dente
Cosmetology: Rosie Cheeks 
Covered Walkways by R. Kade
Crackdown: Lauren Order 
Crocodile Dundee by Ali Gator
Cry Wolf by Al Armist
Cut the Grass!: Moses Lawn 
Daddy are We There Yet? by Miles Away
Danger! by Luke Out
Dangerous Animals by Mann Eaters
Decorating your Mousehole: Minnie Blinds 
Defunct Nations: Sophie Etunion 
Desert Crossing by I. Rhoda Camel
Do It Yourself: Tyrone Shoelaces 
Don't Do Anything Rash: Jacques Itch 
Don't Tread On Me: Amanda B. Reckonwith 
Downpour! by Wayne Dwops
Drafted!: Abel Boddeed 
Drinking Problems by Al Coholic
Dull Razor: Nick Shaving 
East Coast Resorts: Nan Tuckett 
East Coast Universities: Cora Nell 
Eating Disorders: Anna Rexia 
Ecclesiastical Infractions by Cardinal Sin
Employment Handbook: Ernie Living 
En Garde!: Drew Blood 
Equine Leg Cramps by Charlie Horse
Erotic Adventures by Oliver Klozoff.
Errors and Accidents by Miss Takes and Miss Haps
Events In The Soviet Union: Perry Stroika 
Exercise on Wheels by Cy Kling
Exotic Irish Plants by Phil O'Dendron
Explaining it Better: Clara Fie 
Exploring The Dutch Frontier: Will Der Ness 
Ex-Presidential Retreat: Kenny Bunkport 
Fallen Underwear by Lucy Lastic
Falling Trees by Tim Burr
Fastest Gun In The West: Everett DeReady 
Fat Lady In The Sideshow: Ellie Funt 
Feelings: Cara Lott 
Financial Insecurity: Wilma Moneylast 
Fingerplay: Jacob Sladder 
Fish Story: Rod Enreel 
Fixing Computer Programs: Dee Bugger 
Flips and Tumbles: Jim Nastics 
Flogging in the Army by Corporal Punishment
Foot Coverings: Susan Socks 
Foot Problems of Big Lumberjacks by Paul Bunion
Fortune Telling: Crystal Ball 
Fred Can Philosophize!: Immanuel Kant 
Free Willy by Freda Wale
French Cars: Myra Neault 
French Overpopulation by Francis Crowded
Full Moon by Seymour Buns
Gambling by Monty Carlos
Gangway!: Hedda Steam 
Gardening With The Ex-President: Rose Bush 
Geez, It's Hot!: Mike Hammeldyed 
Genie in a Bottle: Grant Wishes 
Get Moving! by Sheik Aleg
Get Out There! by Sally Forth
Girl On a Budget: Penny Pincher 
Glass Bikini by Seymore Skynn
Go Away!: Ron Onhome 
Golly Gosh! by G. Whiz
Gone Fishing: Rod Annette 
Gone With The Wind: George Uh 
Good Housekeeping by Lottie Dust
Good Steak!: T. Bone 
Good Works by Ben Evolent
Grave Mistakes by Paul Bearer
Great Tennis Matches: Davis Skupp 
Greek Unbeliever!: Hera Tick 
Green Lawn Chairs: Patty O'Furniture 
Green Spot on the Wall by Picken & Flicken
Greeting Sheep Strangers: Hugh R. Ewe 
Guarding the Door: Sergeant Atarms 
Guide To Mixology: Bart Ender 
Handel's Messiah by Ollie Luyah
Happy New Year! by Mary Christmas
He Disappeared! by Otto Sight
Head of Security: Barb Dwyer 
Held Hostage by Italian Terrorists!: Aldo Anything 
Here's Puss In Your Eye: Lance Boyle 
Hertz, Don't It?: Lisa Carr 
He's Contagious! by Lucas Measles
Hide and Seek by I.C. You
Highway Travel by Dusty Rhodes
Hiya Fella: Gladys Eeya 
Hole in the Bed by Mister Completely
Holiday Spots by Sandie Beaches
Hollywood Gossip: Phyllis Zinn 
Holmes Does it Again by Scott Linyard
Home Alone IV by Annie Buddyhome
Home of the Liberty Bell: Phil A. Delphia 
Hot Dog! by Frank Furter
House Construction by Bill Jerome Holme
House Plants: Clay Potts 
Housework: Dustin Cook 
How I Won The Marathon: Randy Hoelway 
How to Annoy by Aunt Agonize
How To Beat A Murder Rap: Scott Free 
How to Break In: Jimmy De Lock 
How to Cook a Steak: Porter House 
How to Cut Grass: Lon Moore 
How to Draw: Ellis Strait 
How to Get Rid of Unwanted Guests by Bea O'Problem
How To Make Cornmeal Pancakes: Johnny Cake 
How to Make Honey: B.A. Beaman 
How to Overcome Stress: R.E. Lachs 
How To Prevent Leaks: Titus A. Drum 
How to Read a Book: Paige Turner 
How to Succeed in School: Rita Book 
How to Tour the Prison by Robin Steele
How To Tune Up Your Auto: Carl Humm 
Hunger In America: Heywood Jafeedme 
Hypnotism by N. Tranced
I Beat Bobby Fischer: Jess Player 
I Can Fix It: Jerry Rigg 
I Can't See The Difference: Sam Ting 
I Didn't Do It! by Ivan Alibi
I Hate Monday Mornings by Gaetan Oop
I Hate the Sun by Gladys Knight
I Hit the Wall by Isadore There
I Like Fish by Ann Chovie
I Like Liquor by Ethyl Alcohol
I Like Weeding Gardens by Manuel Labour
I Lived in Detroit by Helen Earth
I Lost My Balance by Eileen Dover and Paul Down
I Love Bullfighting: Matt Adore 
I Love Crowds by Morris Merrier
I Love Fractions by Lois C. Denominator
I Love Mathematics by Adam Up
I Love Wills by Benny Fishery
I Love You!: Alma Hart 
I Must Fix the Car! by Otto Doit
I Need Insurance by Justin Case
I Read You Like A Book: Claire Voyant 
I Say So! by Frank O. Pinion
I Want to Help: Abel N. Willin 
I Was A Cloakroom Attendant by Mahatma Coate
I Was A Son Of A Buccaneer: Rich Kidd 
I Work with Diamonds by Jules Sparkle
I Wuz Framed!: Gil Tee 
I Wuz Robbed!: Alma Money 
If I Invited Him... by Woody Kum
If Tomorrow Never Comes by Stew Layt 
I'm an Atheist: Noel Noheaven 
I'm Fine by Howard Yu
I'm Gods Gift to Women by P. Rick
I'm Scared!: Emma Fraid 
I'm Someone Else by Ima Nonymous
Imitating Mozart: Sam Phony 
In Farmer MacGregor's Garden: Peter Abbott 
In the Arctic Ocean by Isa Berg
In The Trenches: Helmut Wearer 
Indian/Italian Cuisine: Ravi Oley 
Indiana Jones' Adventures: Darrin Rescue 
Inflammation, Please by Arthur Itis
Interior Decorating: Curt Enrod 
Irish Dentistry: Perry O'Dontal 
Irish First Aid: R.U. O'Kaye 
Irish Flooring by Lynn O'Leum
Is O. J. Guilty? by Howard I. Know
It Won't Work!: Mel Function 
Italian Cooking: Mac Aroni 
Italian Delicacies: Liz Onya 
It's a Holdup! by Nick R. Elastic
It's a Shocker by Alec Tricity
It's All In Your Head: Madge Ination 
It's Magic! by Sven Gali
It's Springtime! by Theresa Green
It's Unfair! by Y. Me
Jewish Holidays: Hannah Kuhh 
Jewish Mysticism: Lev Itation 
Joe Wins at a Track Meet: C. Howie Runns 
Judging Fast Food by Hamilton Berger
Just Say No: Will Power 
Kangaroo Illnesses by Marcus Wallaby, M.D.
Keep 'Em That Way: Private Parts 
Keep it Clean! by Armand Hammer
Keep Out!: Barb Dwyer 
Keeping Old Furniture Looking Good: Ann Teak 
Kindergarten Kop II: Bea Hayve 
Laid Off!: Gwen Home 
Land Ahoy by I.C. Fields 
Laughing In The White House: Polly Tickle 
Lawn Care: Ray King 
Lawyers of Suffering by Grin and Barrett
Lazy Employees: Hans Doolittle 
Leo Tolstoy by Warren Peace
Let's Do it Now! by Igor Beaver
Lewis Carroll by Alison Wonderland
Life As A Comic: Stan Dupp 
Life Before Cars: Orson Buggy 
Life in Chicago by Wendy City
Life In The Sorority House: Carrie Onn 
Life Six Feet Under: Doug Graves 
Little Bitty Froggies: Tad Pole 
Long Walk: Miss D. Bus 
Long Way Down: Rip Cord Broke 
Look Younger by Fay Slift
Los Angeles Pachyderms by L.A. Funt
Lots of Excitement by Hugh N. Cry
Lotsa Luck: Bess Twishes 
Making Explosives: Stan Wellback 
Many Are Cold, But Few Are Frozen: Minnie Sota 
Mardi Gras Time: Lou Isiana 
Maritime Disasters by Andrea Doria
Maritime Rules: Paula See 
May Flowers by April Showers
Meals On Safari: Lionel Eecha 
Meat Eaters: Carney Vore 
Mensa Man by Gene Yuss
Mexican Revenge by Monty Zuma
Mexican/Italian Food: Pepe Roney 
Military Defeats by Major Disaster and General Mayhem
Military Fast: Colonel O'Corn 
Military Rule by Marshall Law
Mineralogy for Giants by Chris Tall
Misunderstood: Art Tistic 
Mobile Homes: Winnie Bago 
Modern Giants by Hugh Mungous
Modern Tree Watches by Anna Log
Money Management: Owen Cash 
Monkey Shines by Bob Boone
Moon Phases by Seymour Butts
More for Your Money by Max Amize
Mosquito Bites by Ivan Itch
Mountain Climbing by Andover Hand
Musical Gunfighters by The Okay Chorale
My Career As A Clown: Abe Ozo 
My Life in the Gutter by Yves Trough
My Life With Annette: Amos Kateer 
My Lost Causes by Noah Veil
My Seventh Husband: Ivana Newhouse 
Mystery in the Barnyard: Hu Flung Dung 
Neat Shirts: Preston Ironed 
Neither a Borrower: Nora Lender Bee 
New Mexico Tour Book: Albie Kerky 
NHL Hockey: Stanley Kupp 
Nice Hotels: Mary Ott 
No More Circuit Breakers! by Ira Fuse
No! by Kurt Reply
Nobel Prize Cannibals: Laurie Ate 
Noise is Forbidden! by Nada Loud
Nordic Groundskeepers: Leif Raker 
Not a Guitar!: Amanda Lin 
Not Bogged Down In Reality: Jason Rainbows 
Not So Hot: Luke Warm 
Nuclear Explosives: Adam Baum 
Nuclear Power Bafflement: Ken Fusion 
Nuts about You!: Cy Cosis 
Off To Market by Tobias A. Pigg
Oh What A Relief It Is: Al Kaseltzer 
Okee Dokee: Roger Wilco 
One Hundred Years Old: Abbie Birthday 
Options Trading: June Gold 
Outdoor Activities by Alf Resco
Outdoor Cookery: Barbie Cue 
Outer Space by A. Leanne
Overcoming Nervousness On Radio: Mike Fright 
Overweight Vegetables by O. Beets
Pain in My Body by Otis Leghurts
Pain Relief by Ann L. Gesick
Parachuting by Hugo First
Party On, Dude: Jill Out 
Peeping Tom: Sawyer Scanties 
Pentagon Press Release: Colonel O'Truth and Lotta Lies 
Personal Best: Marco DeStinction 
Perverted Mushrooms by M. Morel
Pilgrim Settlers: May Flower 
Playing with the Christmas Fire: Yule B. Sari 
Plumb Good: Dwayne Pipe 
Positive Reinforcement: Wade Ago 
Prayers For Children: Cindy Skool 
Prepare To Meet Your Maker: Eva DeStruction 
Preparing Leather: Tanya Hyde 
Pressure Relief: Korsetsov 
Prevent Drowning: Buddy System 
Pull with All You've Got! by Eve Ho
Pull Yourself Together!: Annette Curtain 
Punk Rock Rulez!: Lotta Noyze 
Put'er There, Pal!: Greg Garious 
Quips For The Young At Heart: Marty Pants 
Racketeering by Dennis Court
Raising Flowers By Hand: Flo Wrist 
Rangers In The Night: Forrest Fyar 
Rapunzel, Rapunzel!: Harris Long 
Ready...Set...: Sadie Word 
Red Vegetables by B. Troot
Rich People: Belle Yenere 
Robots by Anne Droid
Round the World: Madge Ellen 
Rules For Living: Sharon Sharalike 
Russian Tennis Shoes: Ivan Odor 
Rusty Bed Springs by I.P. Nightly
Sandpapers of the West: Tex Ture 
Say The Magic Word: Abby Cadabra 
Scandinavian Photography: Matt Finnish 
Scottish Kilt Patterns: Glen Pladd 
Scuffed Floors: Mark Tupp 
Sea Birds by Al Batross
Season Tickets: Oprah Maven 
Severed Joints by Arm Less
Shaky Knees: Cliff Diver 
Shhh!: Danielle Soloud 
Shoes For Farm And Ranch: Claude Hopper 
Silly Rabbit: Trixie R. Forkids 
Singin' and Shakin': Oprah Tic Tenor 
Skunks in the Shrubbery: P. Yew 
Slept Right Throught It by R.E. Classes
Sliding Down a Banister by Dick Burns
Small Treasures in the Toilet Bowl by I.P. Nickels
Small Vegetables: Russell Sprout 
Smart Beer Making by Bud Wiser
Smash His Lobster! by Buster Crabbe
Smoker's Cough: Nick O'Teen 
Snakes of the World by Anna Conda
Snorting My Way To Heaven: Angel Dust 
Soak Your Ex-Husband by Ali Money
Soda Pop History: Ginger Aile 
Sofa so Good by Chester Field
Solving Crimes: D. Tective 
Some Like It Hot: Red Pepper 
Some Like It Sweet: Sugar Kane 
Somethings Out There by Will B. Watchinu
Songs For Children: Barbara Blacksheep 
Sound as a Bell: A.C. Langer 
Southern California Waffles: Sandy Eggo 
Split Personalities: Jacqueline Hyde 
Spots on the Wall by Who Flung Poo
Star Spangled Barrio: Jose Canusee 
Still Looking For My Heart: Sam Francisco 
Stop Arguing by Xavier Breath
String Instruments by Viola Player
Strong Winds: Gail Force 
Stunned Over Christmas: Holly Daze 
Surprised! by Omar Gosh
Swedish Perfumeries: Ole Factory 
Swimming in the Arctic: I. C. Waters 
Take a Break!: Colin Sick 
Take This Job And Shove It: Ike Witt 
Teach Me! by I. Wanda Know
Tear Up Those Betting Slips: Lou Zerr 
Teenagers Of The '50's: Bobbie Sox 
The Auto Salvage Business: Rex Toad 
The Beach Bully: Harry Ayp 
The Big Wave: Sue Nami 
The Bird Collection: Arnie Thologie 
The Bog: Pete Maas 
The Candy Store: Pepper Mintz 
The Cat's Revenge by Claude Bottom
The Chuck Berry Story: Judy Frudy 
The Complete Proctologists Handbook by Ben Dover
The Criminals Of Watergate: Barton Mee 
The Dead Of Winter: Jan Yuary 
The Economy is Recovering!: Knott Quite 
The Effects of Alcohol by Sir Osis of Liver
The Empath: Ophelia Sadness 
The End of the World by Armageddin Outtahere
The Excitement of Trees by I. M. Board
The Fall of a Watermelon by S. Platt
The Fortuneteller: Reid Palms 
The French Chef by Sue Flay
The Frozen South: A. Winterbottom 
The Garden State: Ida Hoe 
The German Bank Robbery: Hans Zupp 
The Good Breakfast: Hammond Deggs 
The Greasy Spoon: Chris Coe 
The Great Escape by Freida Convict
The Great Flood: Noah Zark 
The Ham Radio Primer: Loudon Clear 
The Hidden Surprise: Pam Perz 
The History Of Exxon: Phil Errup 
The History of Fox TV: Annette Work 
The Hitchhiker: Juan Nalift 
The Housing Problem by Rufus Quick
The Industrial Revolution by Otto Mattick
The Irish Heart Surgeon: Angie O'Plasty 
The LA Lakers' Breakfast: Kareem O'Wheat 
The Lady Pirate: Peg Legg 
The Last Roundup: Brandon Irons 
The Lion Attacked by Claudia Armoff
The Miracle Drug: Penny Cillin 
The Monkey Cage: Jim Panzee 
The Music Of Sammy Davis Jr.: Candy Mann 
The National Science Foundation: Grant Money 
The Nude Beach by Seymour Hair
The Palace Roof has a Hole by Lee King
The Paper Route: Avery Daye 
The Peace Mission: Olive Branch 
The Perils Of Drug Addiction: Anita Fixx 
The Phillipine Post Office: Imelda Letter 
The Porn Queen: Mona Lott 
The Scent of a Man by Jim Nasium
The Senior Prom: Spike Drink 
The Shrinking Society: Les Ismoor 
The Smorgasbord: Buffy Dinner 
The Spiritual Life: Ned Itation 
The Squeaking Gate: Rusty Hinges 
The Sweat Shop: Hiram Cheap 
The Telltale Heart: Stefi Scope 
The Truancy Problem: Marcus Absent 
The TV News Anchorman: Maury Ports 
The Twelfth Month: Dee Sember 
The Unknown Rodent by A. Nonny Mouse
The World's Best Recipes: Gus Tatorial 
The World's Deadliest Joke: Theophilus Punoval 
Theft and Robbery by Andy Tover
Things to Cook Meat In by Stu Potts
Things To Do At Parties: Bob Frapples 
Those Funny Dogs by Joe Kur
Tigger's revenge by Claude Balls
Tight Situation by Leah Tard
Tighten That butt! by A. Nail Retentive
Tinseltown Tales: Holly Wood 
To Be Honest: Frank Lee 
Too Rough: Soren Redd 
Trails in the Sand by Peter Dragon
Trial Law: Tess Temoni 
Trim Those Sideburns Too?: Buzz Cutt 
Tug of War by Paul Hard
Turkish Minerals: Asa Miner 
Turtle Racing by Eubie Quick
Two Thousand Pounds! by Juan Ton
Tyrant of the Potatoes by Dick Tater
Uncomfortable Feelings by Jock Strap
Under the Bleachers by Seymour Butts
Unemployed by Anita Job
Uninteresting Road Signs: Bill Bored 
Unsolved Mysteries by N. Igma
Vegas Divorces: Marion Hayste 
Vegetable Arrangements: Arty Choke 
Volunteer's Guidebook: Linda Hand 
Waiting in Line for the Bathroom by Ivana Tinkle
Waste Dumps by I. Saw
We Take Credit Cards, But...: Cassius Better 
We Won 20-1!: Barry Um 
Webster's Words by Dick Shunnary
Weekend In Hong Kong: Rick Shaw 
Weepy Movie: Maud Lynn Story 
We're All Flakes: Dan Druff 
West Coast Universities: Stan Ford 
What I Took: Irv Erginity 
What Makes a Good Thief by Ian Yerhous
What Makes Airplanes Go: Jeff Fuel 
Whatchamacallit! by Thingum Bob
What's For Dinner?: Chuck Roast 
What's Your Invention?: Pat Tent 
When's The Revolution?: Millie Tant 
Where to Find Islands by Archie Pelago
Where to Put Your Money: Bill Fold 
Where's the Toilet by Ivona Tinkle
Who Killed Cock Robin? by Howard I. Know
Why Cars Stop by M. T. Tank
Wind In The Maple Trees: Russell Ingleaves 
Wind Instruments by Tom Bone
Winning the Race by Vic Tree
Wish I'd Never Been Born: Rudy Daye 
Without Warning by Oliver Sudden
Women Rule by Iam Write.
Woulda Been A Great Shortstop: Kent Hitt 
Wouldn't You Know It: Murphy Slaw 
Yellow River by I. P. Freely
Yoko's Robe: Kim Ono 
You Drip!: Lee K. Fawcette 
You Wash, I'll Dry: Terry Cloth 
You're a Bundle of Laughs by Vera Funny
You're Kidding! by Shirley U. Jest
You're So Sweet: Mable SyrupA guy walks up to a doctor and asks: "What type of questions do you ask people to decide if they are retarded or not?" 

"I ask questions like; If you had to empty a bathtub that was full of water, and I gave you a teaspoon, a bucket, and a cup, how would you get the water out?" "Oh I see," the man said, "a sensible man would use the bucket because it is bigger."

"No, a sensible person would pull the plug.""Doctor, Doctor!  My friend has only 59 seconds to live."
"Don't worry, I'll be there in a minute."A man takes a day off work and decides to go out golfing. He is on the second hole, when he notices a frog sitting next to the green. He thinks nothing of it, and is about to shoot when he hears

 "Ribbit, 9 iron"

 The man looks around and doesn't see anybody. So he gets ready again, when he hears 

"Ribbit 9 iron"

 He looks at the frog, and decides to prove him wrong. He puts away his club, and gets a 9 iron. 

He whacked that ball, and it landed 10 in. from the cup! He was shocked, and looked at the frog, "Wow, that was amazing" he said "You must be a lucky frog then."

"Ribbit, Lucky Frog"

The man takes the frog to the next hole. "What do you think?" he said. 

"Ribbit, 3 wood"

The man takes out his 3 wood, and hit the ball. Hole in 1! He was befuddled, and didn't know what to say. 

He took the frog to every hole, and he golfed his best game.

"OK," said the man "Where to next?"

"Ribbet, Las Vegas"

So off they went, to Las Vegas. When they arive, he asks, "Now what?" 

"Ribbit, Roulette Wheel"

"What should I bet?"

"Ribbit, $3000, black 6"

After the luck at golfing, the man says, "What the hell." 

Then, suddenly loads of  cash came sliding across the table; he got it.

He takes his winnings and buys the best hotel room, and he, of course, brings the frog.

"Frog, you have won me all this money, and I do not know how to repay you."

"Ribbit, Kiss Me"

"Well, I guess..."



POOF........

The frog becomes a 10 year old boy. "And that, your honor, is how the boy got into my room. So help me God, if my name is not....


Michael Jackson"I work at Bed, Bath and Beyond
       in the 'Beyond' dept.If to give a man a fish, he eats for a day, but if you teach a man to fish...

He has to buy a license, poles, bait, and sit on his behind for four hours.What Men Want   
 
  More beer. More cheese. More sex. 

Vitamin fortified cigars. 

Public beer fountains. 

Kitty catapults.
 
All day happy hour at a lesbian Hooters. 

Wet T-shirt Fridays. 

Replace NFL linebackers with genetically bred velociraptors. 

Rocket boots. 

Machine gun camp. 

NASA space shuttle races. 

Sledgehammer boxing. 

Girlfriend TiVO so you can pause, rewind, and delete arguments. 

Congressional pie fights. 

Government research grants to build the perfect chicken parmesan hero. 

More beer. More cheese. More sex. 

Tomahawk missile surf boards. 

Hot tub jury boxes. 

Nacho cheese lipstick. 

Personal midget-ninja chauffeurs. 

New TV shows: PBS' The BBQ Hour, Total Kung-Fu Live, and America's Funniest Farts. 

24-hour, on call UN negotiator for when you stumble home late, drunk, with lipstick stains on your collar. 

More beer. More cheese. More sex. 

Condoms that whistle, whir, and honk when used. 

Inflatable sex dolls who cook. 

Beef jerky business cards. 

Combination briefcase/pizza oven. 

National Make-Out with Cheerleaders Day. 

Art museums dedicated to framing copy-machine faxes of asses. 

Robot gloves for crushing kegs of beer. 

Karaoke "ejector" stages. 

Opera glasses that broadcast ESPN. 

The Astronaut Reserves. 

Porno without all the "talking" filler. 

Head banging elevated to "fine art". 

All money spent on women tax deductible! 

Free BBQ buffet at the DMV. 

Passports to Margaritaville. 

The ability to telepathically force anyone to belch on the spot. 

One "Get Out of the Doghouse" card.Q. How many ADD kids does it take to change a light bulb?

A. Hey, let's go ride bikes!Here are some excuses for if someone asks you to do something with them...

I'd love to but... I have to floss my cat.
  
I'd love to but... I've dedicated my life to linguini.
 
I'd love to but... I want to spend more time with my blender.
 
I'd love to but... The President said he might drop in.
 
I'd love to but... The man on television told me to stay tuned.
 
I'd love to but... I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
 
I'd love to but... I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
 
I'd love to but... It's my parakeet's bowling night.
 
I'd love to but... It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
 
I'd love to but... I'm building a pig from a kit.
 
I'd love to but... I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
 
I'd love to but... I'm enrolled in aerobic scream therapy.
 
I'd love to but... There's a disturbance in the Force.
 
I'd love to but... I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
 
I'd love to but... I have to go to the post office to see if I'm still wanted.
 
I'd love to but... I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
 
I'd love to but... I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
 
I'd love to but... I'm going through cherry cheesecake withdrawal.
 
I'd love to but... I'm planning to go downtown to try on gloves.
 
I'd love to but... My crayons all melted together.
 
I'd love to but... I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
 
I'd love to but... I'm in training to be a household pest.
 
I'd love to but... I'm getting my overalls overhauled.
 
I'd love to but... My patent is pending.
 
I'd love to but... I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
 
I'd love to but... I'm sandblasting my oven.
 
I'd love to but... I'm worried about my vertical hold.
 
I'd love to but... I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
 
I'd love to but... I'm being deported.
 
I'd love to but... The grunion are running.
 
I'd love to but... I'll be looking for a parking space.
 
I'd love to but... My Millard Filmore Fan Club meets then.
 
I'd love to but... The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
 
I'd love to but... I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
 
I'd love to but... I have to fluff my shower cap.
 
I'd love to but... I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
 
I'd love to but... I've come down with a really horrible case of something or other.
 
I'd love to but... I made an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
 
I'd love to but... My plot to take over the world is thickening.
 
I'd love to but... I have to fulfill my potential.
 
I'd love to but... I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
 
I'd love to but... It's too close to the turn of the century.
 
I'd love to but... I have some real hard words to look up in the dictionary.
 
I'd love to but... My subconscious says no.
 
I'd love to but... I'm giving nuisance lessons at a convenience store.
 
I'd love to but... I left my body in my other clothes.
 
I'd love to but... The last time I went, I never came back.
 
I'd love to but... I've got a Friends of Rutabaga meeting.
 
I'd love to but... I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
 
I'd love to but... None of my socks match.
 
I'd love to but... I have to be on the next train to Bermuda.

And Finally...
 
I'd love to but... I'm having all my plants neutered.Here are some excuses if someone asks you to do something with them...

I'd love to but... People are blaming me for the Spanish-American War.

I'd love to but... I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
 
I'd love to but... I'm making a home movie called "The Thing That Grew in My Refrigerator".
 
I'd love to but... I'm attending a perfume convention as guest sniffer.
 
I'd love to but... My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
 
I'd love to but... I'm touring China with a wok band.
 
I'd love to but... My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
 
I'd love to but... I never go out on days that end in "Y".
 
I'd love to but... My mother would never let me hear the end of it.
 
I'd love to but... I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student named Basil Metabolism.
 
I'd love to but... I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I can't put it down.
 
I'd love to but... I'm too old/young for that stuff.
 
I'd love to but... I have to wash/condition/perm/curl/tease/torment my hair.
 
I'd love to but... I have too much guilt.
 
I'd love to but... There are important world issues that need worrying about.
 
I'd love to but... I have to draw "Cubby" for an art scholarship.
 
I'd love to but... I'm uncomfortable when I'm alone or with others.
 
I'd love to but... I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
 
I'd love to but... I feel a song coming on.
 
I'd love to but... I'm trying to be less popular.
 
I'd love to but... My bathroom tiles need grouting.
 
I'd love to but... I have to bleach my hare.
 
I'd love to but... I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
 
I'd love to but... I'm writing a love letter to Richard Simmons.
 
I'd love to but... You know how we psychos are.
 
I'd love to but... My favorite commercial is on TV.
 
I'd love to but... I have to study for a blood test.
 
I'd love to but... I'm going to be old someday.
 
I'd love to but... I've been traded to Cincinnati.
 
I'd love to but... I'm observing National Apathy Week.
 
I'd love to but... I have to rotate my crops.
 
I'd love to but... My uncle escaped again.
 
I'd love to but... I'm up to my elbows in waxy buildup.

I'd love to but... I have to knit some dust bunnies for a charity bazaar.
 
I'd love to but... I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
 
I'd love to but... I have to go to court for kitty littering.
 
I'd love to but... I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
 
I'd love to but... I have to thaw some karate chops for dinner.

I'd love to but... Having fun gives me prickly heat.
 
I'd love to but... I'm going to the Missing Persons Bureau to see if anyone is looking for me.
 
I'd love to but... I have to jog my memory.
 
I'd love to but... My palm reader advised against it.
 
I'd love to but... My Dress For Obscurity class meets then.

And Finally...
 
I'd love to but... I have to stay home and see if I snore.Here are some excuses if someone asks you to do something with them...

I'd love to, but I prefer to remain an enigma.
 
I'd love to, but I think you want the OTHER [your name].
 
I'd love to, but I have to sit up with a sick aunt.
 
I'd love to, but I'm trying to cut down.
 
I'd love to, but I need to eat some food for thought.
 
I'd love to, but I've already used up eight of my nine lives.

I'd love to, but the jury is still out.
 
I'd love to, but I'm going to catalog my cutlery collection.
 
I'd love to, but my cat has a yeast infection.
 
I'd love to, but it's against my religion.
 
I'd love to, but the voices say that if I go to work/school, then I will have to sacrifice an animal/small child/virgin.
 
I'd love to, but I ran out of Prozac and I just can't go on.
 
I'd love to, but I'm sorry, I'm being abducted by a flying saucer at 9.
 
I'd love to, but I have to finish making my ear wax sculpture.
 
I'd love to, but I'm right in the middle of knitting my bellybutton lint into a cardigan for my elephant.
  
I'd love to, but I have to follow the directions on my orange juice container (concentrate).
 
I'd love to, but my computer needs tuning.
 
I'd love to, but I'm painting my toenails.
 
I'd love to, but I have a date in Transylvania.
 
I'd love to, but I need to clean my carpet with a toothbrush.
 
I'd love to, but the lawn's turned into a jungle. 

I'd love to, but I'm pruning my fishing lures.
 
I'd love to, but I accidently took some ex-lax with my prozac this morning. I've been sitting on the can all day, but I feel great.
 
I'd love to, but I'm passing a stone.
 
I'd love to, but I have to degauss my monitor.
 
I'd love to, but I have to deworm my kitten.

I'd love to, but I lost my contact - I can't see.
 
I'd love to, but I got snowed in.
 
I'd love to, but I'm sorry I can't, I'm busy reading excuses.
 
I'd love to, but some big kids made me do it.
 
I'd love to, but I'm still looking for my other arm.
 
I'd love to, but when an egg dish flops - those hens must have had a rough night.
 
I'd love to, but my hair hurts.
 
I'd love to, but I can't come in, that bright ball in the sky is blinding me.
 
I'd love to, but I've got a highway pizza in the oven and I have to watch that it doesn't burn.
 
I'd love to, but I'm expecting a subpoena from Ken Starr.
 
I'd love to, but Ed McMahon and Dick Clark wrote "It's Official..." so I'm waiting.
 
I'd love to, but I've been arrested for heckling at the ballet.
 
I'd love to, but I'm busy taking all the sponges out of the ocean to see how much deeper it gets.
 
I'd love to, but I'm steamcleaning my WonderBra.
 
I'd love to, but that's the night I stimulate my gums.
 
I'd love to, but my psychic advised me otherwise.

I'd love to, but the Earth's about to get destroyed, I've got to find a ride off.
 
I'd love to, but I have to re-chain my bicycle.
 
I'd love to, but sorry, I'm sacrificing you to my evil Gods of death and havoc that night.
 
I'd love to, but I'm sorry, I built a circular drive-way and now I can't get out.
 
I'd love to, but I don't wanna.
 
I'd love to, but No hablo Ingles (I do not speak english).
 
I'd love to, but I was doing yoga exercises and got stuck.
 
I'd love to, but I'd be happy to after I bungee jump off of the Golden Gate Bridge without the bungee cord.
 
I'd love to, but the voices said evil things might happen 'cause you're bad.
 
I'd love to, but I'm donating a kidney later.
 
I'd love to, but I've been sitting in this chair and my butt has fallen asleep.
 
I'd love to, but I have a wedding to plan, a wife to murder and a kingdom to blame for it - I am swamped.
 
I'd love to, but my dog needs to have a flea bath.
 
I'd love to, but I just had a frontal labotomy.
 
I'd love to, but I've got silver hair, gold teeth and a lead butt, I'm filthy rich!
 
I'd love to, but I have to take the cat to the dry cleaners.
 
I'd love to, but I have to rotate the tire on my unicycle.
 
I'd love to, but my butt got stuck in the toilet, again!
 
I'd love to, but I'm looking at a joke website trying to find excuses for all of the other events I'm trying to get out of.
 
I'd love to, but no.
 
I'd love to, but my inner child is too young for things of THAT sort of nature.
 
i'd love to, but the government has me subject to random inspection.
 
I'd love to, but I'm preening my duck.
 
I'd love to, but I have to take my goldfish out for a walk.
 
I'd love to, but I have to wax my butt hairs.
 
I'd love to, but there is an angry mob outside my front door and back door and I can't get out.
 
I'd love to, but my toaster is having quadruplets and I have to name them.
 
I'd love to, but I have to eat my cat.
 
I'd love to, but I have to breed my spoon and fork or else the world shall run out of sporks.
 
I'd love to, but sshh i'm sleeping!
 
I'd love you to, but I wouldn't know what family I'm in. 

I'd love to, but I have to break my great grandmother out of jail.
 
I'd love to, but my dad just jumped out of a window.
 
I'd love to, but I'm waxing my armpits.
 
I'd love to, but I'm migrating south for the winter.
 
I'd love to, but I have to go and lay an egg.
 
I'd love to, but I can't speak any English.
 
I'd love to, but I've got a severe case of leprosy.
 
I'd love to, but I'm going to the butcher's to watch the chickens rotating.
 
I'd love to, but my blueberry muffins are burning.
 
I'd love to, but I got sucked into a hoover.
 
I'd love to, but I'm dusting my duster.
 
I'd love to, but I'm ironing my grandparents.
 
I'd love to, but I have to comb my cat.
 
I'd love to, but I have to change the air in my tires.

I'd love to, but I fell into a shredder.
 
I'd love to, but I have to de-worm my Grandma.
 
I'd love to, but I have to think of an excuse.
 
I'd love to, but I heard that my imaginary friend died.
  
I'd love to, but god is calling me.
  
i'd love to, but my mum's grown her nose back.
 
I'd love to, but I have to do the dishes/do the laundry/clean my room.
 
I'd love to, but I'm too busy ignoring you.
 
I'd love to, it's just that my dog died and I have to flush it down the toilet.
  
I'd love to,but I'm too busy staring at the sun.
  
I'd love to, but I have to read my handbook of elements.
  
I'd love to, but the Queen of Roses has left me with nothing but thorns.
  
I'd love to, but my leg itches.
  
I'd love to, but my mom said I had to rub her feet tonight.
 
I'd love to, but Jupiter's in my rising.
 
I'd love to, but I'm about to die, so I think it's best if I stayed here.
 
I'd love to, but my dog's teaching me to bark.
 
I'd love to, but it's evil
 
I'd love to, but you do it.
 
I'd love to, but I've fallen and can't get up.
 
I'd love to, but I have to pull my popsicle out of my dog's nose.
  
I'd love to, but I have to sort socks.
 
I'd love to, but I'm busy chewing my nails. It requires a lot of concentration.
 
I'd love to, but I have to iron my sheets.
 
I'd love to, but I don't want to be seen with you, no offense or anything.
 
I'd love to, but I have to go wash my llama.
 
I'd love to, but life just handed me socks and now I have to arrange them.
 
I'd love to, but I gotta go walk my turtle.
  
I'd love to, but I'm in a place where I don't know where I am.
 
I'd love to go on another date but it's my other girlfriend's turn.
 
I'd love to, but I farted and if I get up, it will smell REALLY bad!
  
I'd love to go, I just don't like you.
  
I'd love to, but my boyfriend says no.
  
I'd love to, but I've got the runs.
 
I'd love to, but Fred Flintstone's stalking me.
 
I'd love to, but I can't be bothered.
 
I'd love to, but our weekly Star Trek meeting is held then.
  
I'd love to, but I meet my psychiatrist every Friday.
  
I'd love to, but I'm getting a tattoo.
  
I'd love to, but I'm having my in grown toe nail removed - wanna see?
 
I'd love to, but my orange juice box said concentrate.
 
I'd love to, but I have to finish my replica of the Eiffel tower that I have made out of popsicle sticks.
 
I'd love to, but I have to tape the Official Boy George fan club meeting tonight on the t.v.
  
I'd love to, but you have popped my bubble.
  
I'd love to, but I have constipation.

And Finally...
 
I'd love to, but I'm already going out with somebody much cuter than you."If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure."
...George W. Bush 
"Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child." 
...Governor George W. Bush 

"Welcome to Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts." 
...Governor George W. Bush 

"Mars is essentially in the same orbit...Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun, which is very important. We have seen pictures where there are canals, we believe, and water. If there is water, that means there is oxygen. If oxygen, that means we can breathe."
...Governor George W. Bush, 8/11/94 

"The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century."
...Governor George W. Bush, 9/15/95 

"I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy -- but that could change."
...Governor George W. Bush, 5/22/98 

"One word sums up probably the responsibility of any Governor, and that one word is 'to be prepared'." 
...Governor George W. Bush, 12/6/93 

"Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things." 
...Governor George W. Bush, 11/30/96 

"I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future." 
...Governor George W. Bush 

"The future will be better tomorrow." 
...Governor George W. Bush 

"We're going to have the best educated American people in the world." 
...Governor George W. Bush 9/21/97 

"People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"I stand by all the misstatements that I've made."
...Governor George W. Bush to Sam Donaldson, 8/17/93 

"We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"Public speaking is very easy." 
...Governor George W. Bush to reporters 

"I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"When I have been asked who caused the riots and the killing in LA, my answer has been direct & simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame."
...George W. Bush 

"Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it."
...Governor George W. Bush 5/20/96 

"We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur."
...Governor George W. Bush 9/22/97 

"For NASA, space is still a high priority."
...Governor George W. Bush, 9/5/93 

"Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children." 
...Governor George W. Bush , 9/18/95 

"The American people would not want to know of any misquotes that George Bush may or may not make."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"We're all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made." 
...Governor George W. Bush 

"It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it."
...Governor George W. Bush 

"[It's] time for the human race to enter the solar system."
...Governor George W. Bush 
 
"Fool me once, shame, shame on y-you. Fool me twice, sh-shame on, well ya see, I cant be fooled again."
...George W. BushArtery: Study of paintings 
Bacteria: Backdoor to cafeteria 
Barium: What to do when treatment fails 
Bowel: Letter like A E I O or U 
Ceasarean Section: District in Rome 
Cat Scan: Searching for Kitty 
Cauterize: Made eye contact with her 
Coma: Punctuation Mark 
Congenital: Friendly 
D & C: Where Washington is 
Dilate: To live long 
Enema: Not a friend 
Fester: Quicker 
Genital: Non-Jewish 
Hang Nail: Coat Hook 
Impotent: Distinguished, well known 
Labor pain: Hurt at work 
Morbid: Higher offer 
Nitrate: Cheeper than day 
Node: Was aware of 
Outpatient: Person fainted 
Post op: Letter Carrier 
Recovery Room: Place to apholster 
Rectum: Dang near Killed Him 
Rheumatic: Amorous 
Secretion: Hiding something 
Tablet: Small table 
Terminal Illness: Sick at Airport 
Tibia: Country in North Africa 
Tumor: More than One 
Urine: Opposite of 'you're out' 
Varicose: Nearby 
Vein: ConceitedThere are 10 kinds of people in the world. Those who can do binary and those who can't.There once was a boy, whose parents was a cursed a lot. 

One time, while he was on a drive with his dad, a policeman pulled him over and gave him a ticket. "Bastard!" the father muttered afterwards.

The boy asked, "What does 'bastard' mean?" 

The dad told him nervously, "It's a slang word for 'police officer'." 

Another time, the dad was walking out of the house. On his way out, he tripped over the doormat and yelled, "Shit!" 

The boy heard and asked, "Dad, what does 'shit' mean?" 

The dad said to him, "It means 'doormat'." 

Later, the boy went into the kitchen and his mum was cooking eggs. She dropped one and yelled angrily, "Tit!" 

The boy asked her, "What does 'tit' mean?" 

The mum told him, "It's another word for 'eggs'". 

The dad came back home later and went upstairs. The boy followed him up. The dad went into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. Seconds later he cut himself shaving and shouted, "Fuck!" 

The boy asked him when he came out, "What does 'fuck' mean?" The dad told him, "It's another word for 'shaving'." 

A few days later, the doorbell rang and the boy answered the door. A police officer was standing on the porch. The boy, smiling said, "Hi bastard, come in! Wipe your feet on the shit. My mum is in the kitchen frying her tits and my dad is upstairs fucking himself."Here are the Top 15 excuses for if you are pulled over by a police officer for speeding, running a red light, etc.

15.)  Sorry, I slipped on a banana peel...

14.)  Oooohh, you're a policeman? I thought you were just another speeder! I was trying to get away so you wouldn't hit me!

13.)  I'm sorry officer but Dunkin Donuts is right ahead, not here.

12.)  I'm sorry officer, but I already have a date.

11.)  (For Americans caught speeding in Canada...), say, "What's a kilometer?"

10.)  "So THAT'S what those signs are for!"

9.)  I'm sorry I was speeding officer, but I have diarrhea.

8.)  If I was speeding, you were probably speeding to catch me, so how about we forget about the whole thing?

7.)  Sorry officer, I was trying to kill a bug under my gas pedal.

6.)  I'm sorry officer. I just got breast implants, and when I wear a seatbelt, it hurts!

5.)  My wife is pregnant, I'm trying to get to the hospital A.S.A.P.! (great for speeding tickets)

4.)  (Running a stop sign) I'm sorry officer, I thought the sign said "POTS". (Dyslexic)

3.)   I was trying to keep up with traffic. Yes, I know there are not any other cars around, that's how far ahead they are!

2.)  Ooh officer I'd love to wear your handcuffs for awhile, but I really have to get home! My husband is gonna find my lover locked in the basement!

And the Number One excuse if you're pulled over by a police officer.

1.)  Sorry, officer, but you see, what happened is when I reached for my crack pipe, my gun fell off my lap, getting lodged under the gas pedal, and forced me to speed out of control!How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced?




A buck an ear.Do bald men wash their head with soap or shampoo?These are actual announcements from church...

1.  This afternoon there will be a meeting in the South and North ends of the church.  Children will be baptized at both ends.

 2.  Tuesday at 4:00 P.M. there will be an ice cream social.  All  ladies giving milk, please come early.

3.  Wednesday,  the ladies Liturgy Society will meet.  Mrs. Jones will  sing,  "Put me in My Little Bed", accompanied by the pastor.

4.  Thursday at 5:00 P.M. there will be a meeting of the Little  Mothers  Club.  All wishing to become little mothers, please see  the minister in  his study.

5.  This being Easter Sunday, we will ask Mrs. Smith to come forward and  lay an egg on the altar.

6.  The service will close with "Little Drops of Water."  One of the ladies will start quietly and the rest of the congregation will join in.

7.  On Sunday, a special collection will be taken to defray the expenses of the new carpet.  All those wishing to do something  on the new carpet, please come forward and get a piece of paper at the end of the service.

8.  The ladies of the church have cast off clothing of every kind and they 
may be seen in the church basement Friday.

9.  A bean supper will be held Saturday evening in the church basement. 
Music will follow.    

10. The rosebud on the altar this morning is to announce the birth of David Alan Bleser, the sin of Rev. and Mrs. Julius Delser.A man walks into his bedroom and sees his wife packing a suitcase. He says, "What are you doing?"

She answers, "I'm moving to Las Vegas. I heard prostitutes there get paid $400 for doing what I do for you for free!" 

Later that night on her way out the wife walks into the bedroom and sees her husband packing his suitcase.

When she asks him where he's going, he replies, "I'm going to Vegas too. I want to see you live on $800 a year!"A man left his cat with his brother while he went on vacation for a week. When he came back, he called his brother to see when he could pick the cat up. The brother hesitated, then said, "I'm so sorry, but while you were away, the cat died." 
The man was very upset and yelled, "You know, you could have broken the news to me better than that. When I called today, you could have said he was on the roof and wouldn't come down. Then when I called the next day, you could have said that he had fallen off and the vet was working on patching him up. Then when I called the third day, you could have said he had passed away." 

The brother thought about it and apologized. 

"So how's Mom?" asked the man. 

"She's on the roof and won't come down."OK, let's consider the physical evidence. 

The moon is moving away at a tiny, although measurable distance from the Earth every year. 

Do the math and you will clearly see that 85 million years ago it was orbiting the earth at a distance of about 35 feet from the earth's surface. This would explain the death of the dinosaurs; the tallest ones, anywayThere where two snakes talking. 

The 1st one said, "Sidney, are we the type of snake who wrap ourselves around our prey and squeeze and crush until they're dead? Or are we the type of snake who ambush our prey and bite them and they are poisioned?" 

The second snake says, "Why do you ask?" 

The 1st one replies: "I just bit my lip!"Yo Momma so small, she held up a sign that said "Don't spit, I can't swim."If your dog farts and YOU claim it... you might be a redneck.Did you ever have to fart, on a bus, or an airplane, or in some public place, but hadn't been farting all that day?  So you didn't really know the nature of the beast, you only knew there was LOTS of it!

In a situation like that, what you have to do is to release a test fart. You have to arrange to release, quietly, and in a careful, controlled manner, about 10 to 15 percent of the total fart in order to determine if those around you can handle it!

Or if in fact you may be about to precipitate a public health emergency!

When releasing a test fart, it is often good to engage in an act of refuge such as reaching for a magazine. "Sayyy, is that Golf Digest?" *FART!*

You think, "Ah, that wasn't too horrifying; in fact, in an odd way, it's actually rather pleasant. I think they'll enjoy the rest of this baby!"

And it turns out to be one of those farts that would strip the varnish off a Foot Locker!  A fart that could end a marriage.

And everyone around you heads for the exits - even the people on the airplane!  

As you realize it is time to review your fiber intake - it might not be neccesary after all each morning, to eat an entire wicker swingset!

I hope you've learned now how to fart in public.A man had parked his car in the supermarket parking lot and was walking past an empty cart, when he heard a female voice say, "Mister, are you using that cart?" "No," he answered..."I'm only after one thing."  As he walked away he heard her murmur, "Typical male."Emerging from the chiropractor's treatment room, a young man said aloud, "I feel like a new man!"

"I do, too," a middle-aged woman responded, "but I'll probably go home with the same old one."Yo momma so fat she doesnt have dreams... she has MOTION PICTURES!Two guys were at the gym. Bob asked Ben, "How did the date go with my sister?" Bob replied, "I didn't know your sister was famous. When I took her to the opera, and when it was over no one would leave until she stood up and sang."A lion woke up one morning feeling really rowdy and mean. He went out and cornered a small monkey and roared, 
"Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"

The trembling monkey says, "You are, mighty lion!"

Later, the lion confronts a ox and fiercely bellows, 
"Who is the mightiest of all jungle animals?"

The terrified ox stammers, "Oh great lion, you are the mightiest animal in the jungle!" 

On a roll now, the lion swaggers up to an elephant and roars, "Who is mightiest of all jungle animals?"

Fast as lightning, the elephant snatches up the lion with his trunk, slams him against a tree half a dozen times leaving the lion feeling like he'd been run over by a safari wagon. The elephant then stomps on the lion till he looks like a corn tortilla and ambles away.

The lion lets out a moan of pain, lifts his head weakly and hollers after the elephant - "Just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so upset about it!"Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk? 

A: The cow fell on her.Q: What do peroxide blondes and black men have in common? 

A: They both have black roots.Q: What do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brunette? 

A: Artificial intelligence.For a computer programming class, I sat directly across from a girl, our computers facing away from each other. 

A few minutes into the class, she got up to leave the room. I reached between our computers and switched the inputs for the keyboards. She came back and started typing and immediately got a distressed look on her face. 

She called the teacher over and explained that no matter what she typed, nothing would happen. The teacher tried everything. By this time I was hiding behind my monitor and quaking red-faced. 

I started to type, "Leave me alone!" 

They both jumped back, silenced. "What the . . . " the teacher said. 
I typed, "I said leave me alone!" 

The kid got real upset. "I didn't do anything to it, I swear!" 
It was all I could do to keep from laughing out loud. The conversation between them and HAL 2000 went on for an amazing five minutes. 

Me: "Don't touch me!" 

Her: "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hit your keys that hard." 

Me: "Who do you think you are anyway?!" Etc. Finally, I couldn't contain myself any longer and fell out of my chair laughing. 

After they had realized what I had done, they both turned beet red. Funny, I never got more than a C- in that class.Billy Bob and Lester were talking one afternoon when Billy Bob told Lester, "Ya know, I reckon I'm about ready for a vacation. Only this year I'm gonna do it a little different. The last few years, I took your suggestions as to where to go. Three years ago you said to go to Hawaii. I went to Hawaii and Marie got pregnant. Then two years ago, you told me to go to the Bahamas, and Marie got pregnant again. Last year you suggested Tahiti and darned if Marie didn't get pregnant again!"
Lester asks Billy Bob, "So, what you gonna do this  year that's different?"
Billy Bob says, "This year, I'm takin' Marie with me..."Yo mama's so funky, they closed the beaches for a week after she drained her bath water.Yo  mama's so poor she can't even pay attention.If the most common phrase in your house is "Somebody go jiggle the handle!"... you might be a redneck.What is more peculiar than watching a catfish?

Watching a goldfish bowl.There were three prisoners who were about to be executed by the electric chair. The guards strapped down the first one, a Frenchman, onto the chair, and they asked him for his last words.
     "Vive la France!" he said, meaning 'Long live France'.
   
When they pulled the switch, nothing happened. Everyone was amazed and thought that a miracle had occurred. The Frenchman was saved from death and released.

The guards strapped the second one, an Englishman, in the chair. When asked for his last words, he said, "Long live the Queen!"

Again, when they pulled the switch, nothing happened. He was saved and released.

When they asked the last prisoner who was an Irishman for his last words, he said, "Do you know why the other two prisoners escaped death? It's because you stupid blokes forget to plug in the cable!"I had been doing Tech Support for Hewlett-Packard's DeskJet division for about a month when I had a customer call with a problem I just couldn't solve. She could not print yellow. All the other colors would print fine, which truly baffled me because the only true colors are cyan, magenta, and yellow. For instance, green is a combination of cyan and yellow, but green printed fine. 

Every color of the rainbow printed fine except for yellow. I had the customer change ink cartridges. I had the customer delete and reinstall the drivers. Nothing worked. I asked my co-workers for help; they offered no new ideas. 

After over two hours of troubleshooting, I was about to tell the customer to send the printer in to us for repair when she asked quietly, 

"Should I try printing on a piece of white paper instead of this "yellow" construction paper?"In ancient Israel, it came to pass that a trader by the name of Abraham Com, did take unto himself a young wife by the name of Dot. And Dot Com was a comely woman, broad of shoulder and long of leg. 
Indeed, she had been called Amazon Dot Com. 

She said unto Abraham, her husband, "Why doth thou travel far from town to town with thy goods when thou can trade without ever leaving thy tent?" And Abraham did look at her as though she were several saddle bags short of a camel load, but simply said, "How, Dear?" 

And Dot replied, "I will place drums in all the towns and drums in between to send messages saying what you have for sale and they will reply telling you which hath the best price. And the sale can be made on the drums and delivery made by Uriah's Pony Stable (UPS)." 

Abraham thought long and decided he would let Dot have her way with the drums. The drums rang out and were an immediate success. Abraham sold all the goods he had at the top price, without ever moving from his tent. But this success did arouse envy. 

A man named Maccabia did secret himself inside Abraham's drum and was accused of insider trading. And the young man did take to Dot Com's trading as doth the greedy horsefly take to camel dung. They were called Nomadic Ecclesiastical Rich Dominican Siderites, or NERDS for short. 

And lo, the land was so feverish with joy at the new riches and the deafening sound of drums, that no one noticed that the real riches were going to the drum maker, one Brother William of Gates, who bought up every drum company in the land. And indeed did insist on making drums that would work only with Brother Gates' drumheads and drumsticks. 

Dot did say, "Oh, Abraham, what we have started is being taken over by others." And as Abraham looked out over the Bay of Ezekiel, or as it came to be known "eBay" he said, "we need a name that reflects what we are," and Dot replied, "Young Ambitious Hebrew Owner Operators." 

"YAHOO", said Abraham. And that is how it all began, It wasn't Al Gore after all.A gang of robbers broke into a lawyer's club by mistake. The old legal lions gave them a fight for their life and their money. The gang was very happy to escape. 

"It ain't so bad," one crook noted. "We got $50 between us." 

The boss screamed: "I warned you to stay clear of lawyers.... we had $100 when we broke in!"Why did the banana go to the doctors?
Because it wasn't peeling wellWhat do elephants always bring on holiday?
A trunk.Why is a football pitch so cold?
Because of all the fansWhat are Martians favorite sweets?
Mars-mallows.What do you give a sick pig?
Oinkment.Which fish is the most valuable in the sea?
A goldfish.What type of saw cuts the sea?
A see-saw.What is the noisiest part of a tree?
Its bark.Ever been to KFC? Ever notice that sometimes their toilets do not provide toilet rolls? Reason being that they uphold their motto: "It's finger licking good!"There once was a boy named John. When he was young, he had been given a dog. He did not know what to name it and he opened a book called "The Wonders of the Body." He came across the word "sex" and decided to name his dog after it. After about 20 years, one day, his dog when missing. He went to SPCA and see if they had seen his dog. "What's your dog's name that you are looking for?" the lady at the counter ask.
  "I am looking for Sex."
  "But sir, we don't provide those kind of service here, I think you should go somewhere else."
  "But I need Sex a lot, I can't live without Sex, you can't ask me to go away like that."
  "I think you've miss understood. This is the SPCA, not some brothel, so please excuse me."
  "Hey miss, you can't do that! I need Sex everyday! Sex is very important to me ... "
  "Sir, but would you mind ..."
  "Look lady, I had Sex since 5, I ... "
  As he speaks, a man dragging a dog came out from behind. "Sir, is this your Sex?"
  "Yes ... at least ... I've found my Sex."Four football fans go rock climbing one afternoon: a Patriots fan, a Falcons fan, an Eagles fan, and a Steelers fan. They had been arguing all the way up the mountain about who among them was the most "die-hard" fan. 

Upon reaching the top of the mountain, the Patriots  fan proclaimed to the other three... "This is for the New England Patriots!" and promptly threw himself off the mountain as a form of sacrifice.
 
Not to be outdone by a Patriots fan, the Falcons fan jumped up and said... "This is for the Atlanta Falcons!" and then threw himself off the mountain, again as a form of sacrifice. 

Refusing to be outdone by the Patriots and Falcons fans, the Steelers fan rose to his feet and yelled at the top of his lungs, "This is for the Pittsburgh Steelers!" and without hesitation, pushed the Philadelphia Eagles fan off the mountain.A woman and her goose walked into a bar. The bartender asked, "Why'd you bring the pig in the bar?"
The woman answered, "I do believe this is a goose!" The bartender says, "I was talking to the goose!"A preacher wanted to raise money for his church and on being told that there was a fortune in horse racing, decided to purchase a horse and enter it in the races. However, at the local auction, the going price for horses was so high that he ended up buying a donkey instead. He figured that since he had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races. To his surprise, the donkey came in third!

The next day the local paper carried this headline: PREACHER'S ASS SHOWS. The preacher was so pleased with the donkey that he entered it in the race again, and this time it won. The paper read: PREACHER'S ASS OUT IN FRONT. The Bishop was so upset with this kind of publicity that he ordered the preacher not to enter the donkey in another race. The paper headline read: BISHOP SCRATCHES PREACHER'S ASS. This was too much for the Bishop, so he ordered the preacher to get rid of the donkey. The preacher decided to give it to a nun in a nearby convent. The paper headline the next day read: NUN HAS BEST ASS IN TOWN. The Bishop fainted. He informed the nun that she would have to get rid of the donkey, so she sold it to a farmer for $10.00.

The next day the headline read: NUN SELLS ASS FOR $10.00. This was too much for the Bishop, so he ordered the nun to buy back the donkey, lead it to the plains, and let it go. Next day, the headline in the paper read: NUN ANNOUNCES HER ASS IS WILD AND FREE. The Bishop was buried the next day.A young cowboy walked into a seedy cafe in a small town in western Oklahoma. He sat at the counter and noticed an older cowboy with his arms folded staring blankly at a bowl of chili.

After about 15 minutes of just sitting there staring at it, the young cowboy bravely asked, "If you ain't gonna eat that, mind if I do?"

The older cowboy slowly turns his head toward the young wrangler and in his best cowboy manner states, "Nah, go ahead."

Eagerly, the young cowboy reached over and slid the bowl over to his place 
and started spooning it in with delight. He got nearly down to the bottom of the bowl and noticed a rotten, dead rat in the chili. The sight was shocking and he immediately puked up the chili into the bowl.

The old cowboy quietly said, "Yup, that's as far as i got, too."A family of moles had been hibernating all winter. One beautiful spring morning, they woke up. The father mole stuck his head out of the hole and looked around. "Mother Mole!" He called back down the hole. "Come up here! I smell honey, fresh made honey!" The mother mole ran up and squeezed in next to him. "That's not honey, that's maple syrup! I smell maple syrup!" The baby mole, still down in the hole, was sulking. "I can't smell anything down here but molasses..."Jim and Edna were both patients in a mental hospital. One day while they were walking past the hospital swimming pool, Jim suddenly jumped into the deep end. He sank to the bottom of the pool and stayed there. Edna promptly jumped in to save him. She swam to the bottom and pulled Jim out.

When the medical director became aware of Edna's heroic act, he immediately ordered her to be discharged from the hospital, as he now considered her to be mentally stable.

He went to tell Edna the news. He said, "Edna, I have good news and bad news. The good news is you're being discharged; since you were able to rationally respond to a crisis by jumping in and saving the life of another patient, I have concluded that your act displays sound mindedness.

"The bad news is Jim, the patient you saved, hung himself with his belt in the bathroom right after you saved him. I am so sorry, but he's dead."

Edna replied, "He didn't hang himself; I put him there to dry. How soon can I go home?"A journalist assigned to the Jerusalem bureau takes an apartment overlooking the Wailing Wall. Every day when she looks out, she sees an old Jewish man praying vigorously. So, the journalist goes down and introduces herself to the old man. 

She asks, "You come every day to the wall. How long have you done that, and what are you praying for?"The old man replies, "I have come here to pray every day for 25 years. In the morning I pray for world peace and then for the brotherhood of man. I go home, have a cup of tea, and I come back and pray for the eradication of illness and disease from the earth." 

The journalist is amazed. "How does it make you feel to come here every day for 25 years and pray for these things?" she asks. 

The old man looks at her sadly. "Like I'm talking to a wall."There was a fatal bus accident and the only survivor was a monkey.  In order to fill in the blanks of the event, the police had hired a monkey trainer that could speak sign language with the monkey.

The trainer first asked the monkey if he had actually been on the bus.  The monkey nodded yes.  

The trainer then asked the monkey what was going on in the bus just before the accident.  The monkey made hand motions to signal that there had been some heavy drinking of alcohol going on.  

The trainer motioned, "I see, what else was going on?"  To this, the monkey made gestures to show people smoking marijuana.

The trainer motioned, "Isee, what else was going on?"  To this, the monkey depicted with his hands that everyone was having sex.

The trainer, conviced of what actually happened, then asked the monkey, "What were you doing  while all this was going on?"

The monkey replied, "looking over my shoulder while I was driving the bus!"What do you get when you cross a chicken with a monkey?

George W. BushWhat's grosser than gross?

When you find a used tampon in your ketchup bottle.What's grosser than gross?

When you're eating a bowl of rice crispies and one gets up and slithers away.A blond lady was taking a shower one morning and when she was done washing her hair she took the washcloth and washed herself. when she was done, she stepped to the left brought back her arm and swung. she did that 4-5 times. she was trying to dry the cloth. she finally just gave up. that night she told her husband what she did and he thought a moment and said "honey. were you putting the washcloth back in the water each time?" so the next morning the wife went back in the shower and tried not to hit the wash cloth in the water. she of course did not succeed. so again in bed that night she told her husband she had tried but she just could not get the washcloth to dry. so the husband said "how about I put a little heater in the shower so that when your done you can leave the water on and dry the cloth while your shaving. The wife agrees and the next morning sure enough there was a heater. so when the wife was done washing her hair she didnt see the cord right there without plastic on it so she grabbed the cord and put the washcloth on it. immidiatly the blond was shocked to death.  About a month later the husband married another blond. she did the exact same thing. (everytime the husband married, he made sure the wife was blond,rich,and hot.) so now he had married 2 blonds. now another month passed and the man was filthy rich and he was married again. this time he waited to kill the wife. he wanted to do some things with her before he killed her, get a child or 2, then kill her. so thats just what he did. so a few months after she died he went to a club to find a wife. he found this hot blond and he noticed she was staring at him. he went up to her and asked her if she was available. she said yes and they got married the next day. now a month later he said that it would be nice to have a heater in the shower. the wife agreed and when the wife was taking a shower the husband crept up behind her and tried to kill her. the wife pressed a botton and in seconds there was a swarm of cops. the husband was arrested for life. The wife he had last married was a cop trying to find the killer. she of course got the jack pot.My mouth has turned into a flower bed. It has tulips.At the police station, Bubba explained to the police officer why his cousins shot him. 

"Well," Bubba began, "We wuz havin' a good time drinking, when my cousin Ray picked up his shotgun and said, 'Hey, der ya fellows wanna go huntin'?'" 

"And then what happened?" the officer interrupted. 

"From what I remember," Bubba said, "I stood up and said, 'Sure, I'm game.'"A man walks into a doctor's office. He says, "Doctor, doctor, you've got to help me! My elbow keeps coming untied. . . my belly button is out of order. . . I can't open my chest. . . I'm losing the leaves in my palm. . . somebody threw my waist in the trash. . . and my foot is only eleven inches!"A woman walks in to the hospital to visit her husband.

She talks to the doctor, and the doctor says,"I have bad news, and worse news."

The woman starts to cry, asking for the bad news first.

The doctor replies,"The bad news is that your husband only has 24 hours to live."

The woman starts to cry even more, and now asks for the worse news.

The Doctor now replies,"The worse news is that I have been trying to contact you since yesterday."Rules For Chocolate
===================================
 
If you've got melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly.

Chocolate covered raisins, cherries, orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit, so eat as many as you want.

The problem: How to get 2 pounds of chocolate home from the store in hot car. The solution: Eat it in the parking lot.

Diet tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite and you'll eat less.

A nice box of chocolates can provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?

If you can't eat all your chocolate, it will keep in the freezer.

But if you can't eat all your chocolate, what's wrong with you?

If calories are an issue, store your chocolate on top of the fridge. Calories are afraid of heights, and they will jump out of the chocolate to protect themselves.

If I eat equal amounts of dark chocolate and white chocolate, is that a balanced diet? Don't they actually counteract each other?

Money talks. Chocolate sings.

Chocolate has many preservatives. Preservatives make you look younger.

Q. Why is there no such organization as Chocoholics Anonymous? 
A. Because no one wants to quit.

If not for chocolate, there would be no need for control top pantyhose. An entire garment industry would be devastated.

Put "eat chocolate" at the top of your list of things to do today. That way, at least you'll get one thing done.What's the difference between a man and a condom?

Condoms have changed. They're no longer thick and insensitive.What's a man's ultimate embarrassment?

Having an erection, walking into a wall, and hurting his nose.What kind of sign does a prostitute hang on her door when she goes on vacation?

"GO SCREW YOURSELF!"Q. What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild?

A. Money.A blonde went to an eye doctor to have her eyes checked for glasses. The doctor directed her to read various letters with the left eye while covering the right eye.

The blonde was so mixed up on which eye was which that the eye doctor in disgust took a paper sack with a hole to see through, and put it on her head to cover up the appropriate eye and asked her to read the letters.

As he did so, he noticed the blonde had tears streaming down her face. "Look," said the doctor, "there's no need to get upset about getting glasses."

"I know," agreed the blonde, "but I kind of had my heart set on wire frames."Back in the old Wild West, there were two blond cowpokes, Jeff and Dave. One day, the two were enjoying a strong sarsaparilla in the local saloon, when a man walked into the bar with an Indian's head under his arm. 

The barman shakes his hand and says, "I hate Indians; last week they burnt my barn to the ground, assaulted my wife and killed my children." He then says, "If any man brings me the head of an Indian, I'll give him one thousand dollars." 

The two blonds looked at each other and walked out of the bar to go hunting for an Indian. They were walking around for a while when suddenly they saw one; Jeff threw a rock which hit the Indian right on the head. 

The Indian fell off his horse, but landed seventy feet down a ravine. The two nuts made their way down the ravine where Dave pulled out a knife to claim their trophy.

Suddenly, Jeff said, "Dave, take a look at this."

Dave replied, "Not now, I'm busy." 

Jeff tugged him on the shoulder and says, "I really think you should look at this."

Dave said, "Look, you can see I'm busy? There's a thousand dollars in my hand." 

But Jeff was adamant. "Please, Dave, take a look at this." 

So Dave looked up and saw that standing at the top of the ravine were five thousand red Indians. 

Dave just shook his head and said, "Oh . . . my . . . God . . . we're going to be millionaires!"A lady is throwing a party for her granddaughter, and had gone all out..... a caterer, band, and a hired clown. Just before the party started, two bums showed up looking for a handout. Feeling sorry for the bums, the woman told them that she would give them a meal if they will help chop some wood for her out back. Gratefully, they headed to the rear of the house.

The guests arrived, and all was going well with the children having a wonderful time. But the clown hadn't shown up. After a half and hour, the clown finally called to report that he was stuck in traffic, and would probably not make the party at all.

The woman was very disappointed and unsuccessfully tried to entertain the children herself. She happened to look out the window and saw one of the bums doing cartwheels across the lawn. She watched in awe as he swung from tree branches, did mid-air flips, and leaped high in the air.

She spoke to the other bum and said, "What your friend is doing is absolutely marvelous. I have never seen such a thing. Do you think your friend would consider repeating this performance for the children at the party? I would pay him $50!"

The other bum says, "Well, I dunno. Let me ask him."

He yells, "HEY WILLIE! FOR 50 DOLLARS, WOULD YOU CHOP OFF ANOTHER TOE?""Look at ME!" boasted the fit old man, pounding a very flat and firm stomach, having just finished 100 situps before a group of young people. 

"Fit as a fiddle! And you want to know why? I don't smoke, I don't drink, I don't stay up late, and I don't chase after loose women!"

He smiled at them, teeth white, eyes aglitter, "And tomorrow -- tomorrow, I'm going to celebrate my *90th* birthday!"

"Oh, really?" drawled one of the young onlookers, "How?"One day there is a well-educated man sitting in a redneck bar reading a book. A Redneck happens to wander over to him and asks, "Whatcha there reading Mister?"

The educated man replies, "It's a book about logic".

Confused, the redneck replies "Logic? What's logic?"

The educated man explains to the man, "Logic is the ability to come to a conclusion knowing only one fact. For example, do you own a weed whacker?"

The Redneck shouts, "Hell yeah I own a weed whacker!"

So the educated man continues, "Well, if you have a weed whacker, and I know you have a weed whacker, I know you have a lawn. If I know you have a lawn I know you have a house. If you have a house, demographically speaking I can deduce that you are a white male, 35-50 yrs old, and a heterosexual. Therefore, by knowing that you have a weed whacker I know that you are straight. Am I correct?"

The redneck responds flabbergasted "Hell yeah you're right! I'll be damned". So the redneck runs back to his friends to tell them about this crazy logic thing. His friend asks "Logic, what's logic?"

The redneck says, "Here, I'll show ya... Do you own a weed whacker?"

The friend replies "No, I don't"

The redneck screams, "FAGGOT!!!"Once there was this little Italian boy in the fields with his father. Looking at his dad's hands, the boy says, "Papa, you do many things with your hands, tell me about your fingers."

"Wella Tony," Papa said, "You see this first finger? You use this one to point to where ever you want to. You see your thumb? You use it to turn pages in a book, and your ring finger, you will use when you get married, and your little finger, you use to pick your nose. And the middle finger, well, I'll tell you about that one when you get married."

Little Tony was satisfied with that and time passed. It was now Tony's wedding day. It was a beautiful wedding and just before he was leaving with his bride, Tony went to have a talk with Papa.

Tony said, "Papa, many years ago you told me to use this finger to point at what I want, to turn pages with my thumb, to pick my nose with this little one, and to put my wedding ring on this one, but, Papa, what is it that I do with this middle finger?"

Papa drew close to Tony and said, "Tony, tonight you will make mad hot love to your wife many times, and you may getta tired. When that happens, and your wife turns to you and wants to make love again, that's when you take your middle finger and you poke her on the head and say, 'Go back to sleep you silly woman!'"A man arrives at the pearly gates of heaven. St. Peter tells him that he will remain frozen until his whole family is there.  That way, it would stop him from doing anything NOT with his family.

So, a couple years pass, and his wife appeared in heaven. She had died of age.  She was frozen along with her spouse.

One more year passes, and one of their two kids arrive.  He had died because he was shot.  He was frozen along with them.

They all watch many more people enter heaven.  They suddenly saw the milkman enter heaven.  He did NOT have any family; he was adopted.  But for some reason, he was frozen along with them.

The woman and the milkman's eyes each grew very big.

Finally, the last kid died of age MANY years later, and the woman,  the angry husband, the milkman, and the 2 kids all were released from being frozen to go to heaven.You lose arguments with inanimate objects.

You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth.

Your job is interfering with your drinking.

Your doctor finds traces of blood in your alcohol stream.

Your career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusetts.

The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat.

You sincerely believe alcohol is the elusive 5th food group.

24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case - coincidence? I think not!

Two hands and just one mouth.. - now THAT'S a drinking problem!

You can focus better with one eye closed.

The parking lot seems to have moved while you were in the bar.

You fall off the floor.

Your twin sons are named Barley and Hops.

Hey, 5 beers has just as many calories as a burger; screw dinner!

Mosquitoes catch a buzz after attacking you.

At AA meetings you begin: 'Hi my name is.. uh..'

Your idea of cutting back is less salt.

You wake up in the bedroom, your underwear is in the bathroom, you fell asleep clothed.

The whole bar says 'Hi' when you come in.

You think the Four Basic Food Groups are Caffeine, Nicotine, Alcohol, and [Women or Men].

Every night you're beginning to find your roommate's cat more and more attractive.

Roseanne looks good.

Don't recognize wife unless seen through bottom of glass.

That damned pink elephant followed me home again.

I'm as sober as a judge.

The shrubbery's drunk from too frequent watering.

You wake up screaming 'TORO TORO TORO!' in the middle of the night.24 Signs that You're Getting OLD 
----------------------------------------------------------


1. You're asleep, but others worry that you're dead. 

2. Your back goes out more than you do.

3. You quit trying to hold your stomach in, no matter who walks into the room.

4. You buy a compass for the dash of your car/truck.

5. You are proud of your lawn mower.

6. Your best friend is dating someone half their age, and isn't breaking any laws.

7. Your arms are almost too short to read the newspaper.

8. You sing along with the elevator music.

9. You would rather go to work than stay home sick.

10. You enjoy hearing about other people's operations.

11. You no longer think of speed limits as a challenge.

12. People call at 9:00 p.m. and ask, "Did I wake you?"

13. You answer a question with, "Because I said so."

14. You send money to PBS.

15. The end of your tie doesn't come anywhere near the top of your pants.

16. You take a metal detector to the beach.

17. You know what the word "equity" means.

18. You can't remember the last time you laid on the floor to watch television.

19. Your ears are hairier than your head.

20. You talk about "good grass" and you're referring to someone's lawn.

21. You get into a heated argument about pension plans.

22. You got cable for The Weather Channel.

23. You can go bowling without drinking.

24. You have a party and the neighbors don't even realize it.Always be smarter than the inanimate object that you're working with.A wise old gentleman retired and purchased a modest home near a junior high school. He spent the first few weeks of his retirement in peace and contentment.

Then a new school year began. The very next afternoon three young boys, full of youthful, after-school enthusiasm, came down his street, beating merrily on every trash can they encountered. The crashing percussion continued day after day, until finally the wise old man decided it was time to take some action.

The next afternoon, he walked out to meet the young percussionists as they banged their way down the street. Stopping them, he said, "You kids are a lot of fun. I like to see you express your exuberance like that. In fact, I used to do the same thing when I was your age. Will you do me a favor? I'll give you each a dollar if you'll promise to come around every day and do your thing." The kids were elated and continued to do a bang-up job on the trash cans.

After a few days, the old-timer greeted the kids again, but this time he had a sad smile on his face. 

"This recession's really putting a big dent in my income," he told them. "From now on, I'll only be able to pay you 50 cents to beat on the cans."

The noisemakers were obviously displeased, but they did accept his offer and continued their afternoon ruckus. A few days later, the wily retiree approached them again as they drummed their way down the street.

"Look," he said, "I haven't received my Social Security check yet, so I'm not going to be able to give you more than 25 cents. Will that be okay?" 

"A lousy quarter?" the drum leader exclaimed. "If you think we're going to waste our time, beating these cans around for a quarter, you're nuts! No way, mister. We quit!" 

And the old man enjoyed peace.A guy gets a new job at a bubble gum shop. One day a guy comes in and asks, "How much is your gum?"  So the guy replies, "I don't know." The customer walks out and the manager comes in and says, "You should of said 50 cents." 

Another customer comes in and asks, "How much is your gum?" The guy says, "50 cents."  Then the customer asks, "Is it fresh," and the guy answers, "I don't know." The customer walks out and the manager comes in and says, "You should have said yes, very very fresh." 

So another customer comes in and says, "How much is your gum?" The guys answers, "50 cents." Then the customer asked if it's fresh, to which the guy answers, "Yes very very fresh." The customer then asks, "Should I buy it?" The guy answers, "I don't know." The customer walks out and the manager comes in and says to the guy, "You better do it before somebody else does!" 

A robber breaks into the shop and says, "How much money you got?" and the guy answers, "50 cents." the robber then asks, "Are you being fresh with me?" and the guy says, "Yes, very very fresh." Then the robber threatens, "You want me to kill you?" to which the guy replies, "You better do it before somebody else does!"A man said to his golfing friend, "I hit two of my best balls yesterday!" 

"Oh yeah?" 

"Yeah, I stepped on a rake in the bunker."You Know You've Been In College Too Long When...

* You consider McDonald's "real food."

* You actually like doing laundry at home.

* 4:00 AM is still early on the weekends.

* It starts getting late on the weeknights.

* Two miles is not too far to walk for a party.

* You wear dirty socks three times in a row and think nothing of it.

* You'd rather clean than study.

* Half the time you don't wake up in your own bed and it seems normal.

* Computer Solitaire is more than a game it's a way of life.

* You schedule your classes around sleep habits and soaps.

* You know the pizza boy by name.

* You go to sleep when it's light and get up when it's dark.

* You live for getting mail. (E-mail included)

* Looking out the window is a form of entertainment.

* Prank phone calls become funny again.

* Wal-Mart is the coolest store.

* World War III could take place and you'd be clueless.

* You start thinking and sounding like your roommate.

* Blacklights and highlighters are the coolest things on earth.

* Rearranging your room is your favorite pastime.

* You find out milk crates have so many uses.

* The weekend lasts from Thursday to Sunday. (or Wednesday morning to Tuesday night)Here is a list of the ways professors grade their final exams:

DEPT OF STATISTICS:
All grades are plotted along the normal bell curve.

DEPT OF PSYCHOLOGY:
Students are asked to blot ink in their exam books, close them and turn them in. The professor opens the books and assigns the first grade that comes to mind.

DEPT OF HISTORY:
All students get the same grade they got last year.

DEPT OF PHILOSOPHY:
What is a grade?

LAW SCHOOL:
Students are asked to defend their position of why they should receive an A.

DEPT OF MATHEMATICS:
Grades are variable.

DEPT OF LOGIC:
If and only if the student is present for the final and the student has accumulated a passing grade then the student will receive an A else the student will not receive an A.

DEPT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE:
Random number generator determines grade.

MUSIC DEPARTMENT:
Each student must figure out his grade by listening to the instructor play the corresponding note (+ and - would be sharp and flat respectively).A man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. He reduced altitude and spotted a woman below. He descended a bit more and shouted, "Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago, but I don't know where I am."

The woman below replied, "You are in a hot air balloon hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. You are between 40 and 41 degrees north latitude and between 59 and 60 degrees west longitude."

"You must be a teacher," said the balloonist.

"I am," replied the woman. "How did you know?"

"Well," answered the balloonist, "Everything you told me is technically correct, but I have no idea what to make of your information, and the fact is I am still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help so far."

The woman below responded, "You must be an administrator."

"I am," replied the balloonist, "But how did you know?"

"Well," said the woman, "You don't know where you are or where you are going. You have risen to where you are due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise that you have no idea how to keep. You expect someone else to solve your problem, and the fact is you are in exactly the same position you were before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fault."What are the first 4 words in the Mexican National Anthem?

"Attention all K-Mart shoppers"Q: Why did the turtle cross the road?














A:To get to the shell gas station!What do you call a Spanish man with a rubber toe?
Answer: Roberto.A biker walks into a yuppie bar and shouts, "All lawyers are assholes!" He looks around, obviously hoping for a challenge. Finally a guy comes up to him, taps him on the shoulder, and says, "Take that back." The biker says, "Why? Are you a lawyer?" "No, I'm an asshole."One day a couple of kids named "Poop", "Shut-Up", and "Manners" were on a bus. All of a sudden Poop falls out of the window! Manners jumps out of the bus to save him. 

So, Shut-Up runs to the bus driver to get some help. The bus driver asks him,

"What's your name?!"

"Shut-Up."

At this point the bus driver is mad. He asks, "Where are your manners?!"

Shut-Up replies,

"Outside picking up Poop."Ever wonder why bottled water costs so much when there is so much of it?




Spell "evian" backwards.....There are 3 religious truths:

Jews do not recognize Jesus as the Messiah

Protestants do not recognize the Pope as the leader of the Christian Faith

Baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or at Hootersok, 

If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the Jags, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers known as Bucs, what does that make the Tennessee Titans?Definitions For Parents
-----------------------------------------------------------
DUMB WAITER: One who asks if the kids would care to order dessert.

FAMILY PLANNING: The art of spacing your children the proper distance
apart to keep you on the edge of financial disaster.

FEEDBACK: The inevitable result when the baby doesn't appreciate the
strained carrots.

FULL NAME: What you call you child when you're mad at him.

GRANDPARENTS: The people who think your children are wonderful even
though they're sure you're not raising them right.

HEARSAY: What toddlers do when anyone mutters a dirty word.

IMPREGNABLE: A woman whose memory of labor is still vivid.

INDEPENDENT: How we want our children to be as long as they do
everything we say.

OW: The first word spoken by children with older siblings.

PRENATAL: When your life was still somewhat your own.

PUDDLE: A small body of water that draws other small bodies wearing
dry shoes into it.

SHOW OFF: A child who is more talented than yours.

STERILIZE: What you do to your first baby's pacifier by boiling it
and to your last baby's pacifier by blowing on it.

TOP BUNK: Where you should never put a child wearing Superman jammies.

TWO-MINUTE WARNING: When the baby's face turns red and she begins
to make those familiar grunting noises.

VERBAL: Able to whine in words.

WHODUNIT: None of the kids that live in your house.You Know You're A Mom When...

 
* Your feet stick to the kitchen floor..... and you don't care.

* When the kids are fighting, you threaten to lock them in a room together and not let them out until someone's bleeding.

* You can't find your cordless phone, so you ask a friend to call you, and you run around the house madly, following the sound until you locate the phone downstairs in the laundry basket.

* You spend an entire week wearing sweats.

* Your idea of a good day is making it through without a child leaking bodily fluids on you.

* Popsicles become a food staple.

* Your favorite television show is a cartoon.

* Peanut butter and jelly is eaten in at least one meal a day.

* You're willing to kiss your child's boo-boo, regardless of what body part it happens to be on.

* Your baby's pacifier falls on the floor and you give it back to her after you suck the dirt off of it because your too busy to wash it off.

* Your kids make jokes about farting, burping, pooping, etc., and you think it's funny.

* You're so desperate for adult conversation that you spill your guts to the telemarketer that calls and HE hangs up on YOU!

* Spit is your number one cleaning agent.

* You're up each night until 10 PM vacuuming, dusting, wiping, washing, drying, loading, unloading, shopping, cooking, driving, flushing, ironing, sweeping, picking up, changing sheets, changing diapers, bathing, helping with homework, paying bills, budgeting, clipping coupons, folding clothes, putting to bed, dragging out of bed, brushing, chasing, buckling, feeding (them, not you), PLUS swinging, playing baseball, bike riding, pushing trucks, cuddling dolls, rollerblading, basketball, football, catch, bubbles, sprinklers, slides, nature walks, coloring, crafts, jumping rope, PLUS raking, trimming, planting, edging, mowing, gardening, painting, and walking the dog. You get up at 5:30 am and you have no time to eat, sleep, drink or go to the bathroom, and yet ... you still managed to gain 10 pounds.

* In your bathroom there is toothpaste on the light fixtures, water all over the floor, a dog drinking out of the toilet and body hair forming a union to protest unsafe working conditions.

* You buy cereal with marshmallows in it.

* The closest you get to gourmet cooking is making rice krispie bars.

* You count the sprinkles on each kid's cupcake to make sure they're equal.

* You have time to shave only one leg at a time.

* You hide in the bathroom to be alone.

* Your kid throws up and you catch it.

* Someone else's kid throws up at a party. You keep eating.

* You consider finger paints to be a controlled substance.

* You cling to the high moral ground on toy weapons; your child chews his toast into the shape of a gun.

* You find yourself cutting your husband's sandwiches into cute shapes.The children begged for a hamster, and after the usual fervent vows that they alone would care for it, they got one. They named it Danny. Two months later, when Mom found herself responsible for cleaning and feeding the creature, she located a prospective new home for it. 

The children took the news of Danny's imminent departure quite well, though one of them remarked, "He's been around here a long time - we'll miss him." 

"Yes," Mom replied, "But he's too much work for one person, and since I'm that one person, I say he goes." 

Another child offered, "Well, maybe if he wouldn't eat so much and wouldn't be so messy, we could keep him." 

But Mom was firm. "It's time to take Danny to his new home now," she insisted. "Go and get his cage." 

With one voice and in tearful outrage the children shouted, "Danny? We thought you said Daddy!"Two friends were talking.

The first one said to the other, "Hey, have you seen the movie, "Constipated" yet?"

The other replied, "Of course not! It hasn't come out yet."Students... Take Note:

Knowledge is power ...

But power corrupts ...

And corruption is a crime ...

And crime doesn't pay ...

So if you keep on studying you'll go broke!Two Alabama State Trooper Patrol cars were in hot pursuit of a Camaro heading east towards Georgia on I-90. 

When the suspect crossed the Georgia line, the first trooper pulled over immediately. The rookie Trooper pulled over right behind him and asked, "Sarge, why'd you stop?"

"You dumb rookie," replied the Sarge. "He's in Georgia now. They're an hour ahead of us, so we'll never catch him."A rich American tourist was holidaying in Rome, and was intent on seeing the Pope. There he stood, in a big long line with a rather expensive suit on, hoping the Pope would notice how smart he was and perhaps talk a few words with him.

As the Pope made his way slowly down the line, he walked right past the American, hardly even noticing him. 

The Pope then stopped next to a low-life sot, leaned over and whispered something in the sot's ear, and made his way on again.

This really angered the American. After speaking with the drunkard, the American agreed to pay $1000 dollars to exchange clothing, in the hope that the Pope would speak to him the next day. 

The next morning the American stood in the line, waiting to see the Pope and hopefully exchange a few words. The Pope was making his way slowly up to the American. When he finally reached him, he leaned over to the American and spoke softly into his ear..

"I thought I told you yesterday to get out of here."After every line I type, say out loud to yourself, Hairy Pickle

There once was a guy named 

He lived in a town called

Nobody did like

So they hung him buy hisA blonde was at an airport.  She was excited, as this would be her very first time riding in a plane; she was flying to see her relatives, so she was at the airport, when she realized she had to buy a ticket.

So she goes up to the counter where they are selling tickets.  She says to the clerk, "Yes, I'd like 1 ticket to New Jersey, please."

The clerk looks at her and says, "One-way, or round trip?"

The blonde replies, "One way."

So she buys her ticket, and hurries off.  A little later, though, she comes right back to the same clerk.  She says, "Yes, I'd like 1 ticket to New Jersey, one way, please."

The clerk looks at her strangely, but still hands her another ticket.

She hurries off, and yet again comes back to the desk to buy another ticket.

"Yes, I'd li---"

She was interrupted by the clerk, who was obviously fed up by now.  She yelled at the blonde, "WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM? YOU KEEP COMING BACK FOR MORE AND MORE TICKETS! WHY?"

The blonde replies, "I... don't .. know..!" She breaks out in tears, then continues her sentence, "This stupid guy keeps coming up to me and ripping my ticket in half!"A man was waiting for his wife to give birth when the doctor came in and informed the new dad that his son was born without a torso, arms, or legs. The son had only a head! But the dad loved his son anyway, and raised him as well as he could, with love and compassion.

After 21 years, the son was old enough for his first drink. Dad took him to the bar and tearfully told the son he was proud of him. Then Dad ordered up the biggest, strongest drink for his boy. With all the bar patrons looking on curiously, and the bartender shaking his head in disbelief, the boy took his first sip of alcohol.

Swoooop! A torso popped out of the bottom of the son's head! The bar was deadly silent; then burst into a whoop of joy. The father, shocked, begged his son to drink again. The patrons began chanting, "Take another drink!" The bartender stood still, shaking his head in amazement.

Swoooop! Two arms popped out. The bar went wild. The father, crying and wailing, cried for his son to drink again. The patrons continued their chant: "Take another drink!"

But the bartender turned his back at this point, ignoring the whole affair.

By now the boy was getting tipsy, but with his new hands he reached down, grabbed his drink, and guzzled the last of it. Swoooop! Two legs popped out.

By now the bar was in chaos, with the father on his knees, thanking God. The boy stood up on his new legs and stumbled to the left, then to the right, then right through the front door, and into the street, where a truck ran smack into him, killing him instantly.

The bar fell silent. The father began to softly moan in grief. The bartender picked up the boy's empty glass, and began to clean it, muttering, "That boy should have quit while he was a head."Yo momma so stupid, she thought that Tiger Woods was a place that was dangerous.A pastor, a doctor and an engineer were waiting one morning for a particularly slow group of golfers. The engineer fumed, "What's with these guys? We must have been waiting for 15 minutes!" 

The doctor chimed in, "I don't know, but I've never seen such ineptitude!"

The pastor said, "Hey, here comes the greens keeper. Let's have a word with him."

"Hi George. Say, what's with that group ahead of us? They're rather slow, aren't they?"

The greens keeper replied, "Oh, yes, that's a group of blind firefighters. They lost their sight saving our clubhouse from a fire last year, so we always let them play for free anytime."

The group was silent for a moment.

The pastor said, "That's so sad. I think I will say a special prayer for them tonight."

The doctor said, "Good idea. And I'm going to contact my ophthalmologist buddy and see if there's anything he can do for them."

The engineer said, "Why can't these guys play at night?"Al Davis had finally put together the perfect Oakland Raiders team for '98. The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback. He had scouted all the colleges, and even the high schools, and he couldn't find a quarterback that would ensure a SuperBowl win.

Then one night, watching CNN, he saw a war zone in Bosnia. In the background, out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm. He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th story window 200 yards away! He threw another grenade into a group of about 10 soldiers a good 110 yards away! A car passes going 80 miles (120 km) an hour, and he send another grenade right into the barely open window. "I've got to get this guy," Al says to himself, "He has the perfect arm!" 

So he brings him to the States and teaches him the game of football. Predictably, the young man breaks all the NFL records for completed passes, and the Raiders go on to win the SuperBowl.

The young Bosnian is lionized as the Great Hero of SuperBowl XXXIII, and when Al asks him what he wants, all the young man wants to do is to call his mother.

"Mom," the young man says into the receiver, "I just won the SuperBowl."

"I don't want to talk to you, " the old woman says, "You deserted us. You're not my son."

"I don't think you understand, mother," the young man pleads, "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world. I'm in the middle of thousands of adoring fans."

"No, let me tell you," the mother implores. "At this very moment, there are gun shots all around us. The neighborhood is a pile of rubble. Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives last week, and this week your sister was attacked in broad daylight..."

The old lady pauses, then says through her tears, "I'll never forgive you for moving us to Oakland!"Fishing season hasn't opened and a fisherman who doesn't have a license, is casting for trout as a stranger approaches and asks: "Any luck?"

"Any luck? This is a wonderful spot. I took 10 out of this stream yesterday," he boasts.

"Is that so? By the way, do you know who I am?" asks the stranger.

"Nope."

"Well, meet the new game warden."

"Oh," gulped the fisherman. "Well, do you know who I am?"

"Nope."

"Meet the biggest liar in the state!"A couple of young boys were fishing at their special pond off the beaten track. All of a sudden, the Game Warden jumped out of the bushes.

Immediately, one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods like a bat out of hell. The Game Warden was hot on his heels.

After about a half mile, the young man stopped and stooped over with his hands on his thighs to catch his breath, so the Game Warden finally caught up to him.

"Let's see yer fishin' license, Boy!" the Warden gasped.

With that, the boy pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing license.

"Well, son," said the Game Warden. "You must be about as dumb as a box of rocks! You don't have to run from me if you have a valid license!"

"Yes, sir," replied the young guy. "But my friend back there, well, he don't have one."My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned because I couldn't concentrate.

Then I worked in the woods as a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the axe.

After that I tried to be a tailor, but I just wasn't suited for it. The job was only so-so anyhow.

Next I tried working in a muffler factory, but that was exhausting.

I wanted to be a barber, but I just couldn't cut it.

I attempted to be a deli worker, but any way I sliced it, I couldn't cut the mustard.

My best job was being a musician, but eventually I found I wasn't note worthy.

I studied a long time to become a doctor, but I didn't have any patience.

Next was a job in a shoe factory; I tried, but I just didn't fit in.

I became a professional fisherman, but discovered that I couldn't live on my net income.

I thought about becoming a witch, so I tried that for a spell.

I managed to get a good job working for a pool maintenance company, but the work was just too draining.

My last job was working at Starbucks, but I had to quit, because it was always the same old grind.

After many years of trying to find steady work, I finally got a job as a historian, until I realized there was no future in it.What do you call the best fishermen in the state?


Master BaitersYo Momma so stupid, she tried to cut through a safe with a Laser Tag gun!A young brunette used to always wonder why her blonde best friend would get A's on all her tests and the brunette would get A-'s.
She thought that was a little weird, so one day she asked her friend why she got better grades, and her friend said that she just copied the answers out of her book, so the brunette said, "But none of them were open book," and the blonde says, "Oh, that might explain why no one was using their books!"Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?

A: Such number as may be deemed to perform the stated task in a timely and efficient manner within the strictures of the following agreement: Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "The Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "The Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entry way, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second party (Light Bulb) and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties.

The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps:

1.) The party of the first part (Lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and rotate the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a counter-clockwise direction, said direction being non-negotiable. Said grasping and rotation of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be undertaken by the party of the first part (Lawyer) with every possible caution by the party of the first part (Lawyer) to maintain the structural integrity of the party of the second part (Light Bulb), notwithstanding the afore-mentioned failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) to perform the aforementioned customary and agreed upon duties. The foregoing notwithstanding, however, both parties stipulate that structural failure of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) may be incidental to the aforementioned failure to perform and in such case the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall be held blameless for such structural failure insofar as this agreement is concerned so long as the non-negotiable directional codicil (counter-clockwise) is observed by the party of the first part (Lawyer) throughout.

2.) Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (Light Bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ("Receptacle"), the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes.

3.) Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of beginning installation of the party of the fourth part("New Light Bulb"). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self- same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, said direction also being non-negotiable.

NOTE: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by said party of the first part (Lawyer), by his heirs and assigns, or by any and all persons authorized by him to do so, the objective being to produce a level of illumination in the immediate vicinity of the aforementioned front (north) door consistent with maximization of ingress and revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "The Firm".In any organization there is one person who knows what is going on. That person must be fired.The law of drunkenness- You can't fall off the floor.Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.A Charlotte, NC, lawyer purchased a box of very rare and expensive cigars, then insured them against fire among other things. Within a month, having smoked his entire stockpile of these great cigars. and without yet having made even his first premium payment on the policy, the lawyer filed a claim against the insurance company. 

In his claim, the lawyer stated the cigars were lost "in series of small fires." The insurance company refused to pay, citing the obvious reason: that the man had consumed the cigars in the normal fashion. The lawyer sued.... and won! In delivering the ruling the judge agreed with the insurance company that the claim was frivolous.

The judge stated nevertheless, that the lawyer held a policy from the company in which it had warranted that the cigars were insurable and also guaranteed that it would insure them against fire, without defining what is considered to be unacceptable fire, and was obligated to pay the claim. Rather than endure lengthy and costly appeal process, the insurance company accepted the ruling and paid $15,000.00 to the lawyer for his loss of the rare cigars lost in the "fires".

NOW FOR THE BEST PART... After the lawyer cashed the check, the insurance company had him arrested on 24 counts of ARSON! With his own insurance claim and testimony from the previous case being used against him, the lawyer was convicted of intentionally burning his insured property and Was sentenced to 24 months in jail and a $24,000.00 fine.

This is a true story and was the 1st place winner in the recent Criminal Lawyers Award Contest.

ONLY IN AMERICA!I didn't lose my mind, I just let it wander and it never came back. I miss it so much.A blond, brunette, and redhead are talking. The blond asks the brunette, "Where did you get those hair streaks?" She answers, "Its natural." The brunette asks the redhead the same question. "Its natural." she answers. The redhead and brunette ask the blond, "How did you get that green streak in your hair?" She answers, "Phhnnnggg," (As she blows her nose on her hand and puts it through her hair) "Its natural.''Yo momma's so fat she tried on Orion's belt.Husband and wife are waiting at the bus stop with their nine children. A blind man joins them after a few minutes. When the bus arrives, they find it overloaded and only the wife and the nine kids are able to fit onto the bus.

So the husband and the blind man decide to walk. After a while, the husband gets irritated by the ticking of the stick of the blind man as he taps it on the sidewalk, and says to him, "Why don't you put a piece of rubber at the end of your stick? That ticking sound is driving me crazy."

The blind man replies, "If you would've put a rubber at the end of YOUR stick, we'd be riding the bus, so shut the hell up."I was soooo ugly when I was born that my mum got morning sickness after I was born.

The doctor came in to the waiting room after I was born and told my dad, "We did everything we could, but he pulled through."

I've never been able to understand why my bath toys were a radio and a toaster.

And when I play in the sandpit, the cat always covers me up.Mind Games Dogs Play With Humans-
 
1. After your humans give you a bath, DON'T LET THEM TOWEL DRY YOU! Instead, run to their bed, jump up and dry yourself off on the sheets.

This is especially good if it's right before your human's bedtime.

2. Act like a convicted criminal. When the humans come home, put your ears back, tail between your legs, chin down and act as if you have done something really bad. Then, watch as the humans frantically search the house for the damage they think you have caused.(Note: This only works when you have done absolutely nothing wrong.)

3. Let the humans teach you a brand new trick. Learn it perfectly. Then the humans try to demonstrate it to someone else, stare blankly back at the humans. Pretend you have no idea what they're talking about.

4. Make your humans be patient. When you go outside to go 'pee', sniff around the entire yard as your humans wait. Act as if the spot you choose to go pee will ultimately decide the fate of the earth.

5. Draw attention to the human. When out for a walk always pick the busiest, most visible spot to go 'poo'. Take your time and make sure everyone watches. This works particularly well if your humans have forgotten to bring a plastic bag.

6. When out for a walk, alternate between choking and coughing every time a strange human walks by.

7. Make your own rules. Don't always bring back the stick when playing fetch with the humans. Make them go and chase it once in a while.

8. Hide from your humans. When your humans come home, don't greet them at the door. Instead, hide from them, and make them think something terrible has happened to you. (Don't reappear until one of your humans is panic-stricken and close to tears).

9. When your human calls you to come back in, always take your time. Walk as slowly as possible back to the door.

10. Wake up twenty minutes before the alarm clock is set to go off and make the humans take you out for your morning pee.  As soon as you get back inside, fall asleep. (Humans can rarely fall back asleep after going outside, this will drive them nuts!)14 THINGS PMS STANDS FOR
 
Pass My Shotgun
Psychotic Mood Shift
Perpetual Munching Spree
Puffy Mid-Section
People Make Me Sick
Provide Me with Sweets
Pardon My Sobbing
Pimples May Surface
Pass My Sweatpants
Pissy Mood Syndrome
Plainly; Men Suck
Pack My Stuff
Permanent Menstrual SyndromeQ: What's the difference between a blond and a toothbrush?

A: You don't lend a toothbrush to your best friend.What was the female math book that lived underwater wearing?

An algae-bra1970: Wore long hair
2001: Longing for hair

1970: Sitting around thinking of the perfect high.
2001: Sitting around thinking of the perfect high yield mutual fund.

1970: Finding a friend to split the price of a keg.
2001: Finding a friend to take me to have an EKG.

1970: Sitting through sessions of Acid Rock.
2001: Sitting through sessions of Acid Reflux.

1970: Thinking of moving to a real kool place.
2001: Thinking of moving to a real warm place.

1970: News stories of people growing pot.
2001: The reality of growing a pot belly.

1970: Watching John Glenn's historic flight with my mother and sister.
2001: Watching John Glenn's historic flight with my grown children.

1970: Trying to look like Richard Rountree or Ron O'Neal.
2001: Trying NOT to look like Richard Rountree or Ron O'Neal.

1970: Chewing on seeds and stems.
2001: Chewing on lots of roughage.

1970: Popping pills, smoking joints.
2001: Popping joints, needing those pills.

1970: Noting our president's struggle with Fidel.
2001: Noting our president's struggle with fidelity.

1970: Admiring JACK PAAR.
2001: Joining AARP

1970: Avoiding Killer weed.
2001: Avoiding Weed killer.

1970: Hoping to "get lucky" on a date.
2001: Hoping you won't catch anything from your "lucky" date.

1970: Reading about The Grateful Dead.
2001: Reading about Dr. Kevorkian.

1970: Getting out to a new, hip joint.
2001: Getting a new hip joint.

1970: Listening to the Rolling Stones.
2001: Struggling with kidney stones.

1970: Yelling, "Screw the system!"
2001: Reminding yourself to, "Upgrade the stupid system!"

1970: Throwing the Peace sign.
2001: Watching the Mercedes logo.

1970: Friends who wouldn't get their hair cut.
2001: Children begging to get their heads shaved.

1970: Talking to friends about taking acid.
2001: Talking to friends about taking antacid.

1970: Proud to be passing the driver's test.
2001: Barely passing the vision test.

1970: "Whatever" was a typical response.
2001: "That Depends" is the way to go.Q: Why did the boy wear a diaper to the party?

A: He didn't want to be a party pooper.Q: What do you do when your nose goes on strike?

A: Pick it.In the depths of the countryside there lived a farmer who took care of baby animals. The farm was very peaceful until one day the farmer's pig was murdered. 

Now the farmer took this incident very seriously, so he started an investigation. Unfortunately, the only witness the farmer had to this murder was his pet bunny rabbit.

Since the rabbit was unable to speak and tell him who murdered the little pig, the farmer lined up his four prime suspects, a cow, a horse, a goat, and a duck, and told the rabbit to pick out who had committed the dirty deed.

The rabbit hopped up and down the line, checking each animal, and then finally hopped forward three feet, and stopped in front of the goat.

"It wasn't me! It wasn't me!" yelled the goat.

The farmer shook his head and said, "The hare's looking at you, kid."FRIEND: You don't look so good, what's wrong?
HARRY: I got domestic trouble.
FRIEND: But Harry you always said your wife was a pearl.
HARRY: Yeah its the mother of pearl that's the problem.Q: How do you recognize a blonde in school?

A: They are the only ones who erase their 
notebook when the teacher erases the board.Rules for the dog-
_______________________

1. The dog is not allowed in the house.

2. Ok, the dog is allowed in the house, but only in certain parts.

3. The dog is allowed in all rooms, but has to stay off the furniture.

4. The dog can get on the old furniture only.

5. Fine, the dog allowed on all the furniture, but is not allowed to sleep with the humans on the bed.

6. Ok, the dog is allowed on the bed but by invitation only.

7. The dog can sleep on the bed whenever he wants, but not under the covers.

8. The dog can sleep under the covers by invitation only.

9. The dog can sleep under the covers every night.

10. Humans must ask permission to sleep under the covers with the dog.Q: What does a blonde do when it gets cold? 
A: Sits around a candle 
Q: What does she do when it gets really cold? 
A: Lights itA young lady came home from a date looking rather sad. She told her mother, "Arthur proposed to me an hour ago."

"Then why are you so sad?" her mother asked.

"Because he also told me he was an atheist. Mom, he doesn't even believe there's a hell."

Her mother replied, "Marry him anyway. Between the two of us, we'll show him how wrong he is."The football players were doing very well in their games, but when it came to academics, they were failing.  So the administrater of the school, who desired all of his students to graduate, talked to the coach of the football team and said, "Coach, if ONE of your football players can answer a single math problem, I will not get rid of the football team, but if he gets it wrong, I'm afraid I will have to throw out the team.  When the team was gathered up and a player was selected to answer the problem, the administrator asked him, "Okay, what is 3 + 4?"  The football player thought and thought and thought and thought.  After five hours and multiple countings on his fingers, the player said, "Seven!"  The coach raised his arms and pleaded, "Give him another chance, please!!!!!!"A blonde walks into a pharmacy and asks the assistant for some rectum deodorant. The pharmacist, a little bemused, explains to the woman they don't sell rectum deodorant, and never have. Unfazed, the blonde assures the pharmacist that she has been buying the stuff from his store on a regular basis and would like some more.

"I'm sorry," says the pharmacist, "we don't have any."

"But I always buy it here." says the blonde.

"Do you have the container that it came in?" asks the pharmacist.

"YES," said the blonde, "I'll go home and get it."

She returns with the container and hands it to the pharmacist who looks  at it and says to her, "This is just a normal stick of underarm deodorant"

Annoyed, the blonde snatches the container  back and reads out loud from  the container...
"TO APPLY, PUSH UP BOTTOM."A redneck taped toilet paper to his television.

He said, "Hey, lookie here, now we have free paper view!"Q: Why did the ant fall off the toilet bowl?
 
A: He got pissed off.A road crew is making a giant freeway, when they come across a sign and a lever. The sign reads "pull lever and end world". The workers decide not to pull the lever just in case.

One night, a man named Nate is driving home. He does not see the sign, so he gets out of his car, and crosses the road to pull the lever. But, on his way there, he was run over by the car, and was never to be seen again.

The moral of the story?

Better Nate Than Lever!A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a little pebble on the beach.

The marriage counselor told him, "If you wish to save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder."A newlywed couple was walking together, and needed to cross a busy street. They saw Officer Ed.  He was controlling traffic, so he said to them in a sarcastic and nasty voice, "Oh, so you just want me to clear traffic so you snots can get across? Oh, sure, I'll do that!"

So the couple starts to thank him, when he says, "I don't know why you're walking on this nasty day, anyway! It's just about to rain!"

The couple looked up in the sky, but didn't see a cloud in sight.  They decided not to say anything, and went across the walkway as Officer Ed stopped the traffic.

Although, sure enough, it started to rain as soon as they had crossed.  It just so happens that the man and the woman were songwriters, and they wrote a classic Christmas tune.

Oh, don't you know it? It goes like this:

"Rude Officer Ed knows the rain, dear..."A man was on a game show. He was on his final question; all he had to do was answer that question right, and he would win 1 million dollars!

The game show host said, "All right, for your final question: 'What are the names of three of Santa's reindeer?'"

The man grinned and said, "Dasher!"

The game show host said, "Correct!"

"Comet!"

"Correct! What is the last name?"

The man yelled, "Olive!"

The game show host was confused and said, "Why Olive?"

The contestent looked at him strangely and said, "Oh, don't you know? 'Olive, the other reindeer, used to laugh and call him names...'"Q: What's weirder than a talking dog?

A: A spelling bee!Knock-Knock.

Who's There?

Cargo.

Cargo Who?

Car Go "Beep, Beep!"According to the news, Michael Jackson is broke and can't even afford the payroll at Neverland Ranch. So the next time you see Michael with his hands in a 12-year-old's pocket, he might just be looking for lunch money"Live in a way such that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip."

-- Will Rogers, HumoristYou're so broke, your bologna doesn't have a first name.Kock-knock.

Who's there?

Please.

Please who?

It's the police!  Open the door!Yo momma's so fat, when she goes to get the mail it measures on the Richter scale.Remember- There's a light at the end of every tunnel... just hope it's not a train!Before performing a baptism, the priest approached the young father and said solemnly, "Baptism is a serious step. Are you prepared for it?"

"I think so," the man replied. "My wife has made appetizers and we have a caterer coming to provide plenty of cookies and cakes for all of our guests."

"I don't mean that," the priest responded. "I mean, are you prepared spiritually?"

"Oh, sure," came the reply. "I've got a keg of beer and a case of whiskey."Recently, my redneck neighbors invited me to a party. Here was our conversation:

"Hey dude! Where are you man? We're having a great party over here. Why don't you come on over and join us?"

I replied, "Man, I'm not feeling so good. I think I'm gonna stay right here."

"Well, hey. What'cha got?" they asked.

"I got a case of diarrhea," I responded.

"Well heck, bring it along. These fools will drink anything!"Why is it called a soap opera when nobody sings?

Can a unborn baby fart or burp?

If a General is a higher ranking officer than a Major, then why is a major illness worse than a general illness?

Why don't they make Root Beer flavored ice cream? Wouldn't it be better than root beer floats?

What is the point in saying "may I ask" and then follow it up with a question?   

Is it possible to be allergic to water?
 
When an atheist swears on a Bible before they testify in court, do they have to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth since they don't believe in God?

If a pack of gum says that each piece is 10 calories, is that amount just chewing the gum, or also for swallowing it? 

Why does the Easter bunny carry eggs? Rabbits don't lay eggs.

How come only your fingers and toes get wrinkly in the shower and nothing else does?

Isn't it weird that all year round your parents tell you not to play with fire, but on Independence Day they hand you a package of explosives, a lighter, and say have fun?

How come lotion is colored, but when you put it on, it doesn't turn your skin that color?

Doesn't a lightning rod on top of church show a lack of faith?

Are there pink lemons that make pink lemonade?

Why do we say "heads up" when we actually duck?
 
What's a question with no answer called?

How do "do not walk on grass" signs get there?

When a store has double doors why do they only let you use one of them?

If there was a crumb on the table and you cut it in half, would you have two crumbs or two halves of a crumb?

What was Captian Hook's name before he had a hook for a hand?

Can a fire truck park in the fire lane?

Who was the first person to look at a cow and say, "I think I'll squeeze these dangly things here and drink what comes out"?

If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?

Can you breathe out of your nose and mouth at the same time?

"Cute as a button". Is that supposed to be a compliment? Since when are buttons cute?

Why are people so scared of mice, yet we all love Mickey Mouse?

Why can't you get a tan on your palms?

And Why are people allowed to put naked statues outside but why can't we run outside naked?A young woman had just purchased her dream car, a new Ferrari convertible, and was having trouble tuning her radio to a station she wanted. She returned to the dealership and confronted the salesman, complaining about the radio.

"Miss," the salesperson said, "this is a very sophisticated radio. There is no requirement to use the buttons or dials. You merely give voice commands to whatever type of program you desire."

So after she received her instructions, she headed out on the highway.

"Country Music," she said, and instantly a country crooner was singing away on a country station. After a while she said, "Oldies," and instantly she heard "Blueberry Hill."

A few minutes later, a guy in a new Cadillac cut her off in traffic.

"Stupid, inconsiderate prick!" she yelled. The radio paused for a second, and then she heard, "Hello again and welcome back to the program. This is Dr. Phil."A gay man, finally deciding he could no longer hide his sexuality from his parents, went over to their house, and found his mother in the kitchen cooking dinner. He sat down at the kitchen table, let out a big sigh, and said, "Mom, I have something to tell you: I'm gay."

His mother made no reply or gave any response, and the guy was about to repeat it to make sure she'd heard him, when she turned away from the pot she was stirring and said calmly, "You're gay, doesn't that mean you have oral sex with other men?"

The guy said nervously, "Uh, yeah, Mum, that's right."

His mother went back to stirring the pot, then suddenly whirled around and WHACKED him over the head with her spoon and said, "Don't you EVER complain about the taste of my cooking again!"What's the difference between boogers and broccoli?
Kids don't eat broccoli.I wish my name was Gary Boone! Do you wanna know why? Because, then, my name could be goon... you see, because you take the "G" from Gary and the "oone" from Boone to get Goon!

But, you know, that's not the worst nickname.  The person that does have the worst nickname is my friend, Phil Hart.  I can't even tell you what we call him...Teacher: "Johnny, what is the outside of a tree called?"

Johnny: "I don't know."

Teacher: "Bark, Johnny, bark."

Johnny: "Bow, wow, wow!"Enter MEXICO illegally. Never mind immigration quotas, visas, international law, or any of that nonsense. Once there, demand that the local government provide free medical carefor you and your entire family.                                            Try driving around as a Gringo in Mexico with no liability insurance,and have an accident.                                                      Demand bilingual nurses and doctors. 
Demand free bilingual local government forms, bulletins, etc. 
Procreate abundantly. Deflect any criticism of this allegedly irresponsible reproductive behavior with, "It is a cultural UnitedStates thing. You would not understand, pal." 
 Demand classes on American culture in the Mexican school system. 
Demand a local Mexican driver license. This will afford other legalrights and will go far to legitimize your unauthorized, illegal,presence in Mexico. 
Insist that local Mexican law enforcement teach English to all itsofficers.
This will never work in the real world. So why do we let them do it to us?Three turtles, Joe, Steve, and Poncho, decide to go on a picnic. Joe packs the picnic basket with cookies, bottled sodas, and sandwiches. The trouble is, the picnic site is 10 miles away, so the turtles take 10 whole days to get there. 
By the time they do arrive, everyone's whipped and hungry. Joe takes the stuff out of the basket, one by one. He takes out the sodas and realizes that they forgot to bring a bottle opener. Joe & Steve beg Poncho to turn back home and retrieve it, but Poncho flatly refuses, knowing that they'll eat everything by the time he gets back. 

Somehow, after about two hours, the turtles manage to convince Poncho to go, swearing on their great-grand turtles' graves that they won't touch the food. So, Poncho sets off down the road, slow and steady. 

Twenty days pass, but no Poncho. Joe and Steve are hungry and puzzled, but a promise is a promise. Another day passes, and still no Poncho, but a promise is a promise. After three more days pass without Poncho in sight, Steve starts getting restless. "I NEED FOOD!" he says with a hint of dementia in his voice. 

"NO!" Joe retorts. "We promised." 

Five more days pass. Joe realizes that Poncho probably skipped out to the Burger King down the road, so the two turtles weakly lift the lid, get a sandwich, and open their mouths to eat. But then, right at that instant, Poncho pops out behind a rock. 

"Just for that, I'm not going."The inmate on death row was scheduled to be put to death by firing squad the follow morning. Throughout the day, the prison guards were being very nice to him. But when they asked him if he wanted something specific for his last meal, he said he didn't want anything special. When they asked if there was something special he wanted to do, he said nothing. It went on like this all day.

Finally, when he was put before the firing squad, the guard asked if he wanted a cigarette and a blindfold.

"No," the inmate said, "just get it over with."

"Well, is there anything that I can do for you before you go?" said the guard. "You didn't even want a special last meal!"

The inmate thought. "Actually," he said, "Music is my life. One thing I would really like would be to sing my favorite song, one whole time through, with no interruptions."

The guard nodded and told him to go ahead.

The inmate started, "One billion bottles of beer on the wall..."A family was having some people to dinner. At the table, the mother turned to her six-year-old daughter and said, "Dear, would you like to say the blessing?"
 
"I wouldn't know what to say," replied the little girl, shyly. 

"Just say what you hear Mommy say, sweetie," the woman said. 

Her daughter took a deep breath, bowed her head, and solemnly said, "Dear Lord, why the heck did I invite all these people to dinner!?!"Jack and Jill went up the hill to smoke some marajiuana,
Jack got high and unzipped his fly and Jill said I don't wanna.Recently a family court judge was interviewing a 15 yr. old boy, asking him which parent he wanted to live with, his mother or father?  The kid said he didn't want to live with either one -- that both of them beat him all the time.  The kid said he wanted to live with the Dallas Cowboys -- they never beat anybody!One drunk to another:  "Have you ever been so drunk you'd kiss a woman's stomach?"  Second drunk:  "I've been drunker than that!"A black female is having trouble with her menses.  She goes to the gynecologist and he asks: "Mrs. Williams, what kind of flow do you have?"  "Linoleum" she replies.What's the difference between a prostitute, your mistress and your wife?  

The prostitute says, "Are you done yet?"  

Your mistress says, "You're not done yet!" 

And your wife says, "Beige, I think we ought to paint the ceiling beige."Indian chief addressing the tribe says:   "I've got good news an bad news.  The bad news is 5000 college students just moved next door to the reservation ... good news is, they taste like buffalo."What's the difference between a "fox" and a "dog?"  About 6 drinks.Did you know in 1923, the following men were considered some of the world's most successful men . . . at least they found the secret of making money.  Whereas, in 1987, more than 60 yrs. later, do you know what became of these men?

The president of the largest steel company, Charles Schwab, died a pauper. The president of the largest gas company, Howard Hopson, went insane. The president of the New York Stock Exchange, Richard Whitney, was released from prison to die at home. The greatest wheat speculator, Arthur Cooger, died abroad insolvent. The president of the Bank of International Settlement shot himself and the greatest bear on Wall Street, Casabee Rivermore, died by suicide.

The same year, 1923, the winner of the most important golf championship, Gene Sarazen, won the US Open and the PGA tournaments.  Today he is still playing golf and is solvent.

Conclusion:  Stop worrying about business and play golf!Liberals want to solve the marijuana problem by making it legal.

Conservatives want to solve the wife-beating problem by making it legal.

Liberals want to strike down all abortion laws, so that unwanted babies can be killed off before they're born.

Conservatives want to strike down the welfare laws, so that unwanted babies can be starved to death after they're born.

The conservative would prevent rape by locking up his wife and daughters.

The liberal would prevent rape by legalizing prostitution.  Neither considers locking up rapists, because the liberal says it's society's fault and the conservative says it costs too much money.It's impossible to be a participant in the march of time and not get a few blisters.There was a girl named Rachel. She had a cat named Love. 
One day, Rachel was taking a shower. 

When she got out, she yelled for her cat, Love, but saw that the cat had escaped. 

She was still in her towel but she walked outside anyways. 

A cop pulled around the corner and said, "Excuse me, Miss. What are you doing out here?" 

Rachel replied, "Looking for Love!!!"Nobody can breathe out of their nose and mouth at the same time.
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
You know, 95% of the people who read this try to do it...well, it's impossible!!! DUH!!!! (lol)Two brunettes and a blonde are attempting to fix a roof. While they are on the roof, a herd of cattle run by and knock down the ladder and leave a big pile of poop behind.
 
The two brunettes decide to make the blonde check how deep the poop is so they can jump down. So the blonde jumps down and yells, "It's only ankle deep." 

So the two brunettes jump down and scream, "What are you talking about?! It's up to our heads!" 

And the blonde replies, "Well, I jumped in head first."*Types Password*

-Penis

~We're sorry, the password you have entered isn't long enough.yo momma's so fat that when she stepped on an air-plane she got arrested for 800 pounds of crack.You are stuck in a foxhole with a cobra, Saddam Hussein, a lawyer, and only two bullets in your gun. What do you do?
 
Shoot the lawyer twice.This joke is kind of dated but it's still funny.
Al Gore, Bill, Hilary, and Chelsea Clinton were all riding in the Airforce One. Out of the blue Gore says, "I could throw a hundred, one dollar bills out the window and make a hundred people happy." Bill says, "Well I could throw ten, ten dollar bills out the window, and make ten people very happy." Hilary, not wanting to be left out, says "Well I could throw one, one hundred dollar bill out the window and make one person extremely happy." Chelsea rolled her eyes and said "Well i could throw all three of you out the window and make the whole nation happy!"The following are a sampling of REAL answers received on exams given by the California Department of Transportation's driving school.
(read Saturday Traffic School for moving violation offenders.) 

Q: Do you yield when a blind pedestrian is crossing the road? 
A: What for? He can't see my license plate. 

Q: Who has the right of way when four cars approach a four-way stop at the same time? 
A: The pick-up truck with the gun rack and the bumper sticker saying, "Guns don't kill people. I do." 

Q: When driving through fog, what should you use?
A: Your car. 

Q: How can you reduce the possibility of having an accident?
A: Be too sh*t-faced to find your keys. 

Q: What problems would you face if you were arrested for drunk driving.
A: I'd probably lose my buzz a lot faster. 

Q: What changes would occur in your lifestyle if you could no longer drive lawfully?
A: I would be forced to drive unlawfully. 

Q: What are some points to remember when passing or being passed?
A: Make eye contact and wave "hello" if he/she is cute. 

Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a flashing yellow traffic light?
A: The color. 

Q: How do you deal with heavy traffic?
A: Heavy psychedelics. 

Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy traffic problem?
A: Carry loaded weapons.When I was in high school I had a friend who had a wooden eye (this was a long time ago). He was very insecure about it. Come senior year he didn't have a date for the Prom. There was a beautiful girl he liked, but had a hairlip (this gave her an extreme lisp) we decided to set them up. He goes up to her and asks her out to the Prom. She said, "Oh, wouldn't I, wouldn't I?" and he said, "Hairlip, hairlip." and they never spoke again.Ghetto Test 


If the statement is true add the points in parenthesis to your score. 
Scoring is given at the bottom of the test. 

1. You've ever used an album cover or old envelope for a dustpan. (5 points) 
2. You've ever put foil on your TV antennas to get better reception. (8 points) 
3. You've ever had to use pliers to turn your TV on. (7points) 
4. You had to come in the house when the street lights came on. (6 points) 
5. You had a candy lady in your neighborhood. (5 + 5 extra points if your house was the candy lady) 
6. If you can count more than five police cars in your neighborhood on a daily basis. (3 points) 
7. If you ever had to pick your own switch or belt. (3 points for each) 
8. If you've ever been beaten with an extension cord. (15 points) 
9. If you have ever had to walk to or home from school. (2 points) 
10. If you've ever passed someone a note asking "Do you like me?" or "Can I have a chance?" check _yes, _no or _maybe. (7 points) 
11. If you have ever used dish washing liquid for bubble bath. (9points) 
12. If you have ever mixed up some Kool-Aid and the found that you didn't have any sugar. (4 points & add 4 if you put the pitcher in the refrigerator until you got some sugar) 
13. If you have ever played any of the following games. (2 points each): (hide and go seek, freeze tag, captain or momma may I?, or red light..yellow light..green light 123!) 
14. If your neighborhood had an ice cream man. (2 points + 2 if he rang a bell + 5 if he played R&B) 
15. If you remember any of the following candies. (1 point each): cherry clans, lemon heads, Alexander the grape, ring pops, Chico sticks, baked beans, candy cigarettes, powder packs with the white dip stick, big league chew, "Wine" Candy (jolly ranchers), jaw breakers, and candy necklaces. 
16. If you refer to Now and Laters candies as "Nighladers". (6 points) 
17. If you've ever ran from the police on foot. (5 points + 5 if you got away) 
18. If you remember underoos or the Wonder Woman bra and panty set. (6 points + 4 if you owned some) 
19. If you've ever had reusable grease in a container on your stove. (5 points) 
20. The batteries in your remote control are held in by a piece of tape. (5 points) 
21. If you've ever used any of the following for drinking glasses. (3 points each): jelly jars, mayonnaise jars, mason jars, or peanut butter jars. 
22. You've ever covered your furniture in plastic. (2 points) 
23. The heels of your feet have ever looked like you had been kicking flour. (1point) 
24. If you have ever worn any of the following fragrances. (1 point each): Brute, Hai Karate, Jean Nate, Old Spice, Chloe, English Leather, Stetson, Charlie, or Faberge'. 
25. You've ever used Tussy. (9 points) 
26. You've never been to the dentist. (10 points + 10 if you've never been to the doctor.) 
27. You've ever wore clothes with the tag still on them. (4 points) 
28. If you're acquainted with someone with a name as follows. (3 points): Kay-Kay, Lee-Lee, Ree-Ree, Ray-Ray, etc. 
29. You have ever paged yourself for any reason. (3 points) 
30. You've ever worn house shoes outside of the house. (2 points) 
31. You add "ED" or "T" to the end of words already in the past tense (for example, Tooked, Light-Skinneded, kilt, ruint, etc). (3 points) 
32. You pronounce words like this (1 point for each example you can think of skrimps or strimps, skreet, axe (ask), member (remember), frigerator, etc. 
33. You use nem' to describe a certain group of people (for example Craig and nem' or momma and nem'). (6 points) 
34. You've ever had a crack across your windshield and never bothered to get it fixed. (3 points) 
35. You've ever driven on a donut more than 2 weeks after your flat. (4 points) 
36. You've ever asked a perfect stranger to take a picture with you and told your friends it was someone you dated. (3 points) 
37. Your child drops his/her pacifier and you sanitize it by sucking it. (7 points) 
38. If you've ever ran a race barefoot in the middle of the street at approximately 11 at night. (10 points) 
39. You've ever left a social gathering with a plate. (1 point) 
40. You leave a restaurant with silverware, sugar, and/or jelly. (8 points) 
41. You think "red" is a flavor of Kool-Aid. (4 points) 
42. You can't hold a glass because of the length of your nails. (3 points) 
43. The gold teeth in your mouth spell words. (8 points) 
44. You don't have your own place but your child has a leather coat and a pair of Jordan's. (5 points) 
45. If you've ever had to get to the driver's side of the car through the passenger side door. (8 points) 
46. You have ever slept in a chair to avoid messing up your hair. (7 points) 
47. You constantly hit *69 and ask, "Did you just call here?" (10 points) 
48. You won't answer the phone if you don't recognize the number on the caller id box. (7 points) 
49. You know a child who can't speak, but can do the "bank-head bounce." (15 points) 
50. You think Tupac is still alive. (20 points) 
-----------------------------------------------------------
Scoring 
0 - 30 - You have enjoyed a nice sheltered life in the suburbs. 
31 - 60 - Hood movies have given you a little exposure. 
61 - 100 - You may have visited the hood a few times or on weekends. 
101 - 130 - You probably spent a few years in the hood, and moved to the suburbs. 
131 - 160 - You're the genuine article. You are no stranger to hood life. 
161 - 200 - You are definitely, without a doubt an expert on life in the hood. 
201+ - Congratulations! You are Ghetto Fabulous!What's an innunedo?  An Italian hemorrhoid prepareation.

What do you call a good looking girl on the campus of Clemson University?  A visitor.

Iraq, a good place to take a shiite.

New rules for poker in Los Angeles -- four clubs beat a king.

Why are all dumb blonde jokes one liners?  So men can understand them.

What's the difference between Gov't bonds and men?  Gov't bond eventually mature.

What did God say after he created man?  "I can do better than this . . ."

What's the best thing to come out of a peter?  The wrinkles.

What's the difference between 'light' and 'hard'?  You can sleep with the light on.

What's the difference between 'dark' and 'hard'?  It stays dark all night.

What does a man consider to be a 7-course meal?  A hot dog and a six-pack.

What's the difference between Saddam Hussein and a bucket of shit?  The bucket.

What do Nagasaki, Hiroshima and Baghdad have in common.  Nothing, yet.

What do Saddam Hussein and Little Miss Muffit have in common?  They both have curds in their whey.

What do you call an Iraqi with a goat under one arm and a sheep under the other?  A bisexual.

What's the difference between Hussein and your ex-wife's lawyer?  Hussein's demands are reasonable.

Pres. Bush is replacing all the male troops in Iraq with women diagnosed with PMS -- they're a hell-of-a-lot meaner and they retain water.

Why don't men's balls hang down to their knees?  The vacuum in their brain keeps 'em up.

What does a female lawyer use for birth control?  Her personality.

How can you reunite the Beatles?  Use two more bullets.

I've never been drunk -- just over served.

I was as pure as the driven snow until I drifted.

What's the difference between oral sex and sushi?  The rice.

What's black, 12" long and hangs in front of an asshole?  A stethoscope.

Man standing next to a woman in a bar.  He looks at her and says, "Can I smell your pussy?"  "Absolutely not," says the woman.  "Must be your feet."

Why are the Rams changing their name to the Tampons?  They're only good for one period and they have no second string.What do you get when you cross a Mexican and an octopus?  I don't know, but it sure can pick tomatoes!

What's black, has white eyes and knocks on glass?  A black in a microwave.

Why don't blacks like blow jobs?  They don't like any job.

What do you call two Vietnamese in a TransAm?  The gooks of hazard.

Did you hear about the polish Lesbian? She LOVED men.

Why are Jewish men circumcised?  Jewish women don't buy anything unless it's 20% off!

What's the only food that ruins your sex life?  Wedding cake.

What do you call a Filipino contortionist?  A Manila folder.

How do you make a black man nervous?   Take him to an auction.

Did you hear about the two Mexicans who appeared on "That's Incredible"?  One had car insurance and the other was an only child.

What's the definition of endless love?  Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder playing tennis.

What's the definition of "eternity"?  Four blondes, in four separate cars, at a 4-way stop.

What's 6 miles long and goes 4 miles an hour?  A Mexican funeral procession with only one set of jumper cables.

What do gay men call hemorrhoids?  Speed bumps.It is the year 2032, and a father and his son walk the streets of lower Manhattan. Approaching the site where the WTC used to be in the end of the 20th century, the father sighs and comments, "To think that right here used to be the Twin Towers."

The son, not understanding, asks his father "What were the Twin Towers?" The father smiles and looks at the son, and explains, "The Twin Towers were two huge buildings that used to be here until 2001, when the Arabs destroyed them."

The son looks up to his father, and asks, "And what are the Arabs?"A man walks out into the street and manages to get a taxi just going by. He gets into the taxi, and the cabbie says, "Perfect timing. You're just like Dave." 

"Who?" 

"This guy named Dave. He always did everything right. Like my coming along when you needed a cab. It would have happened like that to Dave." 

"There are always a few clouds over everybody." 

"Not Dave. He was a terrific athlete. He could have gone on the pro tour in tennis. He could golf with the pros, too. He sang like an opera baritone, and 
danced like a Broadway star." 

"He was something, huh?" 

"Oh, you don't know the half of it. He had a memory like a trap. Could remember everybody's birthday. He knew all about wine, which fork to eat with. He could fix anything. Not like me. I change one light on the Christmas Tree and I black out the whole neighborhood." 

"No wonder you remember him." 

"Well, you would too, if you'd married HIS WIDOW."A little boy and a little girl attended the same school and became friends. Every day they would sit together to eat their lunch. They discovered that they both brought chicken sandwiches every day! 

This went on all through the fourth and fifth grades, until one day he noticed that her sandwich wasn't a chicken sandwich. 

He said, "Hey, how come you're not eating chicken, don't you like it anymore?" 

She said "I love it but I have to stop eating it." 

"Why?" he asked. 

She pointed to her lap and said "Cause I'm starting to grow little feathers down there!" 

"Let me see" he said. "Okay" and she pulled up her skirt. He looked and said, "That's right. You are! Better not eat any more chicken." 

He kept eating his chicken sandwiches until one day he brought peanut butter. He said to the little girl, "I have to stop eating chicken sandwiches, I'm starting to get feathers down there too!" 

She asked if she could look, so he pulled down his pants for her. 

She said "Oh, my God, it's too late for you! You've already got the neck and the gizzards."A young woman asks her mother, "Mom, how many kind of penises are there?"
 
The mother, surprised, answers, "Well, a man goes through three phases. In a man's twenties, a man's penis is like an oak, mighty and hard. In his thirties and forties, it is like a birch, flexible but reliable. After his fifties, it is like a Christmas tree." 

"A Christmas tree?" 

"Yes, dried up and the balls are there for decoration only."SON SAYS:
Daddy, how was I born?

DAD SAYS:
Ah, well, my son, one day you will need to find out anyway!

Mom and Dad got together in a chat room on MSN. Dad set up a date via e-mail with your mom and we met at a cybercafe. We sneaked into a secluded room, and then your mother downloaded from dad's memory stick. As soon as dad was ready for an upload, it was discovered that neither one of us had used a firewall. Since it was too late to hit the delete button, nine months later the blessed little virus appeared.

And that's the story.Husband and wife are doing the spring house cleaning. Wife asks husband to hang some new curtain rods, but he can't do it without toggle bolts. 

He sends her to the hardware store where she asks the man behind the counter for two toggle bolts. He puts them on the counter, then asks, "You wanna screw for these?"

"No," she replies, "but I'll blow you for the clock radio on the shelf."What do you call a black woman with braces?  A Black & Decker Pecker Wrecker.

Hear about the new deodorant called "Umpire"?  It's for foul balls.

How do you circumcise a whale?  Fore-skin divers.

What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Italian?  A guy who makes you an offer you can't understand.

Why don't they use the 911 system in Poland?  Polacks can't find the 'eleven' on the telephone dial.

What do Polish women do when they're done sucking cock?  Spit out the feathers.

Why aren't cowboys circumcised?  They need someplace to keep their Skoal while they eat lunch.

Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?  Because he was dead!  

How do you make a baby float?  One root beer and 2 scoops of baby.

Why did God give Mexicans noses? So they'd have something to pick in winter.

What do you call a Jewish American Princess's (JAP) waterbed?  The Dead Sea.

What's a JAPs idea of natural childbirth?  Absolutely no make-up.

Why do JAPs close their eyes while screwing?  So they can pretend they're shopping.

What does a JAP do during a nuclear holocaust?  Gets out her sun reflector.

How many Mexicans does it take to grease a car?  One, if you hit him just right.

What do you get when you cross a Black man and a groundhog?  Six more weeks of basketball season.

If you call a white woman in the Army a WAC, what do you call a black woman in the Army?  A WACoon.

What did Abe Lincoln say after a 5 day drunk?  "I freed who?"

Did you hear about the Polish abortion clinic?  There's a 1 year waiting list.

How did the Polish ice hockey team drown?  Spring training.

What do you call a polack with 500 girlfriends?  A shepherd.

What did the Catholic dude do with his first 50 cent piece?  He married her.

Why don't Puerto Ricans like blow jobs?  They're afraid it will interfere with their unemployment benefits.

What's a rednecks definition of foreplay?  Wake up bitch!

What's the definition of a maniac?  An Italian in a whore house with a credit card.

What do you call kids born in whore houses?  Brothel Sprouts.

On the return of Rev. Jesse Jackson's trip as he brought back Robert Goodman, a reporter asked Jesse how he liked 'Beirut' and he answered, "Well, okay, but I like Hank Aaron better."What does a blonde do when her computer freezes?
 
She sticks it in the microwave.Dr. Seuss as Technical Writer 

If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, 
and the bus is interrupted as a very last resort, 
and the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, 
then the socket packet pocket has an error to report.

If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
and the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, 
and your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, 
then your situation's hopeless and your system's gonna crash!

If the label on the cable on the table at your house, 
says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, 
but your packets want to tunnel on another protocol, 
that's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall, 
and your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss, 
so your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse, 
then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang, 
'cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!

When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, 
And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, 
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to RAM your ROM,
Quicky turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!My sister-in-law, a truck driver, had decided to get a dog for protection.

As she inspected a likely candidate, the trainer told her, "He doesn't like men."

"Perfect," my sister-in-law thought and took the dog.

Then one day she was approached by two men in a parking lot, and she watched to see how her canine bodyguard would react.

Soon it became clear that the trainer wasn't kidding.

As the men got closer, the dog ran under the nearest car.If Oracle made toasters... They'd claim their toaster was compatible with all brands and styles of bread, but when you got it home, you'd discover the Bagel Engine was still in development, the Croissant Extension was three years away, and that, indeed, the whole appliance was just blowing smoke.
 
If Hewlett-Packard made toasters... They would market the Reverse Toaster, which takes in toast and gives you regular bread. 

If IBM made toasters... They would want one big toaster, where people bring bread to be submitted for overnight toasting. IBM would claim a worldwide market for five, maybe six toasters. 

If Xerox made toasters... You could toast one-sided or double-sided. Successive slices would get lighter and lighter. The toaster would jam your bread for you. 

If Radio Shack made toasters... The staff would sell you a toaster, but not know anything about it. Or you could buy all the parts to build your own toaster. 

If Thinking Machines made toasters... You would be able to toast 64,000 pieces of bread at the same time. 

If Cray made toasters... They would cost $16 million, but would be faster than any other single-slice toaster in the world. 

If the Rand Corporation made toasters... It would be a large, perfectly smooth, and seamless black cube. Every morning there would be a piece of toast on top of it. Their service department would have an unlisted phone number, and the blueprints for the box would be highly classified, government documents. The X-Files would have an episode about it. 

If the NSA made toasters... Your toaster would have a secret trap door that only the NSA could access in case they needed to get at your toast for reasons of national security. 

If Sony made toasters... The ToastMan, which would be barely larger than the single piece of bread it is meant to toast, and it could be conveniently attached to your belt. 

If Timex made toasters... They would be cheap and small quartz-crystal wrist toasters that take a licking and keep on toasting. 

If Fisher Price made toasters... 'Baby's First Toaster' would have a hand-crank that you turn to toast the bread and then pops it up like a jack-in-the-box. 

If Microsoft made toasters... Every time you bought a loaf of bread, you would have to buy a toaster. You wouldn't have to take the toaster, but you'd still have to pay for it, anyway. Toaster '02 would weigh 15,000 pounds (requiring a reinforced steel countertop), draw enough electricity to power a small city, take up 95% of the space in your kitchen, would claim to be the first toaster that lets you control how light or dark you want your toast to be, and would secretly interrogate your other appliances to find out who made them. Everyone would hate Microsoft toasters, but nonetheless would buy them since most of the good bread only works with their toasters. 

If Apple made toasters... It would do everything the Microsoft toaster does, but five years earlier.An old country boy pulls up to a bait shop with a stringer full of fish.  A man, noticing the stringer, asks him where he caught all the fish.  He said he was going fishing again, tomorrow, and if the guy wanted to come with him he'd show him where he caught the fish.

The next morning the two men meet at the bait shop and head out for the lake.  They row out to the middle of the water and the good ole boy pulls out a stick of dynamite, lights it and throws it in the water.  All kinds of fish float to the surface and he starts pulling them in the boat. 

His buddy is shocked! He says, "You know, what you're doing is not only improper but highly illegal. I just want you to know you could receive a big fine or maybe even go to jail. I know what I'm talking about because I work for the wildlife dep't and I'm what they call a 'game warden'."  The good old boy takes out another stick of dynamite, lights it and sticks it in his friend's hand and says, "You gonna fish or just sit there and talk about what you do for a living?"What is Helen Keller's favorite color?
 
Corduroy.One day a man was sitting in his favorite chair watching football when his wife walked up behind him and knocked him over the head with a frying pan.
When he woke he asked, "What the hell was that for?!?"
"I found this piece of paper in your pants while I was doing your laundry and it says Mary Lou 555-5555. Who the hell is Mary Lou?!?" she asks.
"Aww honey, that's the name of the horse I was bettin' on last week!"
"Oh I'm so sorry honey!"


Three weeks later she came behind him and knocked him over the head with a frying pan and once again he woke up asking, "What the hell did I do this time?!?"


"Your horse called," she replied.Politics - A strife of interests masquerading as a contest
of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantageWhy is there an L in NOEL?When you put 'THE' and 'IRS' together, it's an anagram of 'THEIRS'. Coincidence? I think not!Why is it that when babies are born they only weigh like 7 lbs. yet the mom weighs 30 lbs. more?

Why do they call the small candy bars the "fun sizes"? Wouldn't be more fun to eat a big one?

Why do people say PIN number when that truly means Personal Identification Number Number?

If the handicapped bathrooms are for people who can't walk why do they put them at the end of the bathrooms?

Can someone give up lent for lent?

Why do people say, "You've been working like a dog," when dogs just sit around all day?

If marriage means you fell in love, does divorce mean you climbed out?

And why isn't the word 'gullible' in the dictionary?Starting from bottom to top, a short explanation of each body parts uses
1. Toe-Object used for balance(do blondes and drunks have toes? Food for thought)
2. Foot-Place in mouth after saying something stupid
3. Shin-Object used for finding furniture in the dark.
4. Pelvic area-pretty self explanatory
5. stomache- stom ACHE... coincidence? I think not.
6. Chest-What I like to talk to.
7.Fingers-Keep away from car doors.
9.Hands...
10. Elbow-I learned to dance after hitting this
11. Shoulder- Common site of burns.
12. Mouth- Place foot here(or other objects)
13. Brain- If you have one you noticed there is no eight.
14.1/2 brain-If you check for it.1. You don't like newbies.
2.You are #1 on this website.
3. You pretend to know everything.
4. You dislike AC3P1L07
5. You nail people for doing what you did.
6. You yell DUPE if someone you don't know posts anything.
7. Coincidently you only report it if it really is.
8. You received a message from AC3P1L07 saying to f*** off
9. AC3P1L07 hates you.
10. Your user name is ANCHMIKE
SO PISS IN SOMEONE ELSES CERIAL, I AM NOT TO BE TRIFLED WITH.1. You don't suffer from insomnia... you enjoy every minute of it.
2. Your pupils are dialated 24/7
3.*You don't have time for a girlfriend and would rather have a talking frog instead.
4. L337 is a common word in your household.
5. The targeting reticle from halo is permanently burned onto your retina... and you love it.
6. You know the correct pronunciation of MJOLNIR.
7. You have a microwave in your room.
8. Your dog can beat your friends at halo.
9. Your pug, 30 pounds over weight can physically kick your butt.
10. You've memorized the entire halo soundtrack.A little rabbit is running happily through the forest when he stumbles upon a giraffe rolling a joint. 
The rabbit looks at the giraffe and says, "Giraffe my friend, why do you do this? Come. Run with me through the forest! You'll feel so much better!" 

The giraffe looks at him, looks at the joint, tosses it and goes off running with the rabbit. Then they come across an elephant doing coke. 

So the rabbit again says, "Elephant my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health. Come. Run with us through the pretty forest, you'll see, you'll feel so good!" 

The elephant looks at them, looks at his razor, mirror and coke, then tosses them and starts running with the rabbit and giraffe. The three animals then come across a lion about to shoot up. 

"Lion my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health! Come. Run with us through the beautiful forest and you'll feel so good!" The lion looks at him, puts down his needle, and mauls the rabbit. 

The giraffe and elephant watch in horror and look at him and ask, "Lion, why did you do this? He was merely trying to help you." 

The lion answers, "That little bastard! He makes me run around the forest like a freaking idiot every time he's on ecstasy!"You might be a Republican if...
1. You have a brain
2. You have morales
3. Your bumper sticker say's "Somewhere in Massachusetts a village is missing it's idiot"
4. You totaly agree with everything Foxworthy say's
5. You bought a shotgun and THEN  voted against gun control
You might become a republican if...
1. You found a brain
2. You stole someones morales
3. You bought a truck with that bumper sticker and was to lazy to take it off.
4. You're dating a Republicans daughter
5. Actually it was the guy's shotgun that changed you.

You might be a democrat if...
1. You have no brain
2. You have no morales
3. Your bumper sticker say's "eye is ejumucated, u shid bee two"
4. You don't know who Hitler is but think he has a cool name.
5. You think homosexuality is fine, but not for your kids.

You might become a democrat if...
1. You lost your brain
2. Someone stole your morales
3. You can't read said bumper sticker
4. You don't get anything Foxworthy say's
5. You love your daughter, she loves her dad, and you're jealousOne morning a husband took a pair of underwear out of the drawer. "What the...?," he said to himself as a little blue dust cloud appeared when he shook them out. 


"April!" he hollered into the bathroom, "Why did you put talcum powder in my  underwear?" 

She shot back, "It's not talcum powder. It's 'Miracle Grow'."A simple friend, when visiting, acts like a guest. 
A real friend opens your refrigerator and helps himself. 

A simple friend has never seen you cry. 
A real friend has shoulders soggy from your tears. 

A simple friend doesn't know your parents' first names. 
A real friend has their phone numbers in his address book. 

A simple friend brings a bottle of wine to your party. A real friend comes early to help you cook and stays late to help you clean. 

A simple friend hates it when you call after he has gone to bed. 
A real friend asks you why you took so long to call. 

A simple friend seeks to talk with you about your problems. 
A real friend seeks to help you with your problems.

A simple friend wonders about your romantic history. A real friend could blackmail you with it. 

A simple friend thinks the friendship is over when you have an argument. 
A real friend calls you after you had a fight. 

A simple friend expects you to always be there for them. 
A real friend expects to always be there for you!This is not supposed to be funny.
I want to make a public apology for the temper tantrum I threw earlier today. I still don't get it but I am sorry for blaming everyone else for my problems.
AC3P1L07
P.S.
please vote this as funny so more people will see it.Why did the blonde bring sandpaper to the desert?
She needed a map.

Why did the blonde bring a car door to the desert?
If it got hot she could roll the window down.

How did the blonde explain her helicopter crash?
It was getting hot so I turned the ceiling fan off.

What is the latest health epidemic among blondes?
MAIDS. If they don't get one they die.

Why did the blonde wear a condom on each ear?
She didn't want to get hearing AIDS.

What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
Pull the pin and throw it back.

What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?
Run like hell; She's got a grenade in her mouth.

Why was the blonde so happy after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in 6 months?
Because on the box it said from two to four years.

How do you know if a blonde e-mails you?
There's a computer in the mailbox.

How do you know if a blonde's been using the computer?
There's whiteout on the screen.

How do you know if a second blonde has been using the computer?
There's writing on the white out.

How do you know if a third blonde has been using the computer?
There's cheese in front of the mouse.

What do you call brunette hair dye?
A1)Artificial Intelligence. A2)Birth control

What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
An interpreter.

What do you call a blonde between two brunettes?
A mental block.

What do you call a blonde holding a balloon?
Siamese twins.

What do you call a blonde in a sauna?
A hot air balloon.

What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
They're both empty from the neck up.Yo mama's so skinny, when she wears striped PJ's there's only 2 stripes.A man worked at a gas station out in the middle of nowhere. One day when he was driving home from work, he ran out of gas (how ironic).  So the man walks and walks and eventually he comes upon a monastery.

He asks a monk at the monastery, "Can I stay here over night? My car ran out of gas."

The monk replies, "You may; but you musn't come out of your room between the hours of 12 midnight and 6 am."

The man replies, "That's fine with me."  The monk takes him to his room, and the man falls asleep.

About 12 midnight the man is roused from his sleep by a horrible groaning noise that was coming from the basement.  He gets out of his bed to see what it is, but remembers the monk saying that he couldn't leave his room between 12 and 6 am.  The groaning keeps the man awake all night long until it finally stops at 6.
 
The next morning the man asks the monk from yesterday, "What was that racket coming from the basement?"

"I can't tell you. You're not a monk," the monk replies.

So the man gets some gas from the monk, fuels up his car and drives home. For a year that groaning noise haunts him. The man decides to become a monk so he can find out what it was.  

The man goes to monk school, and afterwards goes to the monastery that he arrived at a year ago.

He asks a monk there, "Can I stay here for the night?"

The monk replies, "Yes, but do not come out of your room between the hours of 12 midnight and 6 am."

"Why not?" the man asks.

"I can't tell you.  You're not a monk," the monk replies.

"Yes, I am," the man says.

"Well, just don't come out," the monk says.

That night the man is awakened by the groaning noise.  The man thinks, 'I'm a monk, so I can go and see what it is. The man walks down to the first floor and opens the door to the basement.

It had been bugging him for sooo long what the groaning noise was in the basement. It had haunted his dreams, scared him in the day, and he had gone through monk school and everything JUST to see what the groaning noise was in the basement. It was a strange noise, and he was finally able to see what it was, after a whole 365 days. He was just so excited to know what it was, so he wouldn't be haunted anymore. So he went down to the basement, sighed, and slowly creaked the door open to see what he had been wanting to see for the longest time.

Do you know what the man saw in the basement?  I can't tell you.  You're not a monk.A blonde, a brunette, and a red head were swimming the breast stroke in a race.  The blonde comes in last and says "Not to be a sore loser or anything, but I think the other girls were using their hands.".Fun things to do in a Waiting Room-
----------------------------------------------------

1.) Stand in a doorway and press your arms against the frame.

2.) Take a pencil or pen and make little airplane noises and if anyone notices, stare at them and say, "We've been spotted!" and run around in circles.

3.) Try to get behind the receptionist's counter and when some one comes, pop up, and yell "surprise!" at anyone under 50. (heart attack risk)

4.) Make paper airplanes out of magazine pages. Fly them around the room.

5.) Stare at someone in the room and yell, "It's an agent!" and run out.

6.) Come in dressed as a bum and ask if they have any fried beans.

7.) Repeat the following conversation ten times to the same random person in the room:
 
You: "Do you hear that?"
Person: "What?"
You: "Never mind, it's gone now."

8.) Come in dressed in army fatigues.

9.) Leave your zipper open and if anyone asks say: "Sorry, I really prefer it this way."

10.) Babble incoherently at the receptionist and ask, "Did you get all that? I don't want to repeat it."

11.) Tuck one pant leg into your sock and if asked, reply "Not now" and walk away.

12.) Take your shoes off and ask some one "You wanna trade?"

13.) Stare blankly at some one and if they start to look uncomfortable, say "I'm onto you..." and squint.

14.) Bang your head against the wall or corner in the room and mutter, "shut up, all of you, just shut up!" even if there is no one there other than the receptionist.Bees can't sting...

The woman you like at work said yes...

An Irishman walked out of a bar...

I met a blonde with a brain...

Kids are nice...

Is there a Weed League?...

Farts and flowers in the same sentence...

I like Bill Gates...

Lawyers have integrity...

The lightbulb finally went on in Al Gore's head...

Doctors don't fraternize with their nurses...

Woman as president...

Bill Clinton told the truth...

Jeff Foxworthy in a suit...

Priests involved with scandal admit what they did...

Golf is not dull...

Microsoft is better than Linux...

Yo mamma is skinny, smart, and cleanly...

People will like this joke...

(I have included one for each category)Bill Gates died in a car accident. He found himself in Purgatory being sized up by God. ... 

"Well, Bill, I'm really confused on this call. I'm not sure whether to send you to Heaven or Hell. After all, you enormously helped society by putting a computer in almost every home in the world and yet you created that ghastly Windows 95. I'm going to do something I've never done before. In your case, I'm going to let you decide where you want to go!" 

Bill replied: "Well, thanks, God. What's the difference between the two?" 

God said: "I'm willing to let you visit both places briefly if it will help you make a decision." 

"Fine, but where should I go first?" asked Bill. 

God said: "I'm going to leave it up to you." 

Bill said: "OK, then, let's try Hell first." So Bill went to Hell... 

It was a beautiful, clean, sandy beach with clear waters. There were thousands of beautiful women running around, playing in the water, laughing and frolicking about. The sun was shining and the temperature was perfect. Bill was very pleased. 

"This is great!" he told God. "If this is Hell, I REALLY want to see Heaven!" 

"Fine" said God and off they went. 

Heaven was a high place in the clouds, with angels drifting about playing harps and singing. It was nice but not as enticing as Hell. Bill thought for a quick minute and rendered his decision. 

"Hmm, I think I prefer Hell" he told God. 

"Fine" retorted God, "as you desire". 

So Bill Gates went to Hell. 

Two weeks later, God decided to check up on the late billionaire to see how he was doing in Hell. 

When God arrived in Hell, he found Bill shackled to a wall, screaming amongst the hot flames in a dark cave. He was being burned and tortured by demons. 

"How's everything going, Bill?" God asked. 

Bill responded, his voice full of anguish and disappointment: "This is awful, this is not what I expected. I can't believe this happened. What happened to that other place with the beaches and the beautiful women playing in the water?" 

God says: "That was the screen saver."The girl knelt in the confessional and said, "Bless me, Father, for I have sinned."

"What is it, child?"

"Father, I have committed the sin of vanity. Twice a day I gaze at myself in the mirror and tell myself how beautiful I am."

The priest turned, took a good look at the girl and said, "My dear, I have good news. That isn't a sin - it's only a mistake."A man wonders if having sex on the Sabbath is a sin because he is not sure if sex is work or play. He asks a priest for his opinion on this question.

The priest says after consulting the Bible, "My son, after an exhaustive search I am positive sex is work and is not permitted on Sundays."

The man thinks: "What does a priest know of sex?" He goes to a minister, a married man, experienced, for the answer.

He queries the minister and receives the same reply; Sex is work and not for the Sabbath!

Not pleased with the reply, he seeks out the ultimate authority: a man of thousands of years tradition and knowledge - A rabbi.

The rabbi ponders the question and states, "My son, sex is
definitely play."

The man replies," Rabbi, how can you be so sure when so many
others tell me sex is work?!"

The rabbi softly speaks, "If sex were work... my wife would have the maid do it."19 Ways To Annoy/Confuse Santa Claus
----------------------------------------------------------


1.)  Instead of milk and cookies, leave him a salad, and a note explaining that you think he could stand to lose a few pounds. 

2.)  While he's in the house, go find his sleigh and write him a speeding ticket. 

3.)  Leave him a note, explaining that you've gone away for the holidays. Ask if he would mind watering your plants. 

4.)  While he's in the house, replace all his reindeer with exact replicas. Then wait and see what happens when he tries to get them to fly. 

5.)  Keep an angry bull in your living room. If you think a bull goes crazy when he sees a little red cape, wait until he sees that big, red Santa suit! 

6.)  Build an army of mean-looking snowmen on the roof, holding signs that say "We hate Christmas," and "Go away Santa." 

7.)  Leave a note by the telephone, telling Santa that Mrs. Claus called and wanted to remind him to pick up some milk and a loaf of bread on his way home. 

8.)  While he's in the house, find the sleigh and sit in it. As soon as he comes back and sees you, tell him that he shouldn't have missed that last payment, and take off. 

9.)  Leave a plate filled with cookies and a glass of milk out, with a note that says, "For The Tooth Fairy.

10.) Leave another plate out with half a stale cookie and a few drops of skim milk in a dirty glass with a note that says, "For Santa." 

11.) Take everything out of your house as if it's just been robbed and when Santa arrives, show up dressed like a policeman and say, "Well, well. They always return to the scene of the crime." 

12.) Leave out a copy of your Christmas list with last-minute changes and corrections. 

13.) While he's in the house, cover the top of the chimney with barbed wire. 

14.) Leave lots of hunting trophies and guns out where Santa's sure to see them. Go outside, yell, "Ooh! Look! A deer! And he's got a red nose!" and fire a gun. 

15.) Leave Santa a note, explaining that you've moved. Include a map with unclear and hard-to-read directions to your new house. 

16.) Set a bear trap at the bottom of the chimney. Wait for Santa to get caught in it, and then explain that you're sorry, but from a distance, he looked like a bear. 

17.) Leave out a Santa suit, with a dry-cleaning bill. 

18.) Paint "hoof-prints" all over your face and clothes. While he's in the house, go out on the roof. When he comes back up, act like you've been "trampled." Threaten to sue. 

19.) Instead of ornaments, decorate your tree with Easter eggs. Dress up like the Easter Bunny. Wait for Santa to come and then say, "This neighborhood ain't big enough for the both of us."Little Timmy always sat in the front pew of the church and gave a hand full of change when the collection basket passed. One Sunday the pastor noticed that Timmy started to put his change in the collection basket but decided to put his money in his pocket instead.
   
After service, Little Timmy rushed up to the pastor and wanted to hand him the handful of change, but the pastor proceeds to tell Timmy that he did not need the money and that he should put it in the basket instead.  Little Timmy replies, "Oh no, father, you need it more than anyone else does, because my daddy says that you're the poorest pastor we ever had."Did you hear about the inexperienced terrorist who tried to blow up a bus?

He burnt his mouth on the exhaust pipe.Q:What is the difference between a leech and a lawyer? 


A:The leech stops sucking you dry after you're dead.Your momma's butt is so big when she sits down she's three feet taller.1. You've named that purple elephant that follows you everywhere.
2. Vision Imparment goggles don't change anything.
3. You earn $30 by counting your money again.
4. You use your beer belly as a coffee table.
5. You fly home every night.
6. Your wife keeps telling you not to light the house on fire but you don't listen. What does she know anyway?
7. Your house is fire proofed but you still manage to burn it to the ground.
8. You have a second, third anniversary.
9. The dog is drunk to.
10. No one you see can stop moving.
11. You offer the police officer that pulls you over a cold one.
12. The officer asks you about the vehicle you're pulling, you reply with "whats wrong with towing a boat?" to which he replies "Nothing, but we do require you put it on a trailer."
13. "Could you ask your friends to get out of the boat, sir?"
14. Your designated driver has horrible gas milage... and you wake up broke.
15. Your designated driver drops you off, & when your boss comes out you think your wife is cheating.
16. Then you think he stole your lawn gnomes.
17. And bought you a new car.
18. And you get fired in the morning.
19. You haven't legally driven since you turned 21.
20. Your wife doesn't even care that you're cheating on her.1. You wear a D... & A-C is tissue paper.
2. Your friends are guys, your partners are girls.
3. Anorexia is a four-letter word.
4. Pink is your favorite color... & hot pink is second.
5. Monika Lewinski is your role model.
6. You think foreign affairs is screwing two French guys.
7. M.U.D.D. means must use drugs daily.
8. ADIDAS means All Day I Dream About Sex.
9. ADIDAS applies to you.
10. It takes half of a lite beer to get you totally wasted.These are all from my experiences. That's why they're funny.

1. You build a miniature boat out of a hostess box, water bottles, and duct tape, and float it down a river seven times.

2. You buy a headlamp, move it in circles on the wall, and say it follows wherever my head goes.

3. You make a hand with some sticks, a plastic soda bottle lid, some bugs, and a magnifying glass.

4. You pop each and every bubble on bubble wrap... in random order.

5. You line up thirteen megaphones just to see what it would do.Goldie, a middle aged Jewish woman goes to see a fortune-teller.

"Two men are madly in love with me!" Goldie says. "Who will be the lucky one?"

The swami answers...."Morris will marry you, and Irving will be the lucky one."There was once a beautiful woman named Rebecca who lived with 3 men: an author, an artist, and a blind man.They each visited her once a day. One day Rebecca was taking a shower when she heard a knock at the door, so she put on a towel and answered the door.

It turned out to be the artist. He said, "Congratulate me, congratulate me! I have just finished a masterpiece." Rebecca congratulated him, then closed the door. 

Right when Rebecca was getting back in the shower, she heard another knock so she put her towel back on and it was the author. He said, "Congratulate me, congratulate me!  I have just finished a new best-seller." Rebecca congratulated him, then closed the door.

Rebecca got back in the shower and 15 minutes later she heard another knock. She figured it had to be the blind man so she didn't have to put on her towel and she answered the door. She was right; it was the blind man, and he said to her, "Congratulate me, congratulate me! I can see again!"1. You yell and scream for help, and when it comes you ask for the remote.
2. It is a workout to play high intensity video games.
3. You decide to be a republican because you bought a truck with a republican sticker on it.
4. You sell your step-brother's stuff on e-bay for video game money.
5. You've hired someone to laugh at these jokes for you.
6. You shop online even though it's more expensive because you don't want to leave your house.
7. You died of a preventable illness because going to the doctor would take actual work.
8. You've hired someone to sleep with your wife because it's to "hard".
9. You have the sofa in the back of the Guiness 2000 book.
10. You, your wife, and kids all live with your mom.(Linux is a server far superior to windows. It's logo is Tux the digital penguin.)
1. Your favorite movie was Kill Bill.
2. Your favorite animal is a penguin.
3. You think micro and soft describe Bill Gates.
4. You would like to "server" Gates head.
5. Your desktop picture is of tux burning the windows flag.
6. Your motto is "W1ND0W$ 1$ 7H3 root 0F @LL 3V1L"
7. You can read the above statment.
8. You think XBOX was Microsoft's first success.
9. You would rather have a computer from Hasbro than Microsoft.
10. Your computer can play solitaire.


For you Windows users #6 means "Windows is the root of all evil".Your momma so white and ugly Michael Jackson took one glance and thought he was looking into a mirror!What was the witches favorite subject in school?







SPELLingKnock-Knock
Who's there?
Apricot.
Apricot who?
Apricot my key, open up!Q: Why are cats similar to sentences?

A: A cat has claws at the end of its paws; a sentence has pause at the end of its clause.Why is it that people say they "slept like a baby" when babies wake up like every two hours?

If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?

If the weather man says "it's a 50% chance of rain" does that mean he has no idea if its going to rain or not?

Can't anybody who has a job go in the "employees only" doors at restaurants? Shouldn't they be more specific and say "employees of THIS place only"?

Why do doctors leave the room while you change? They're going to see you naked anyway, aren't they?

Did you know there is a page 666 in The Bible?

If you could walk through the walls, wouldn't you fall through the floor?

What does the T in T-Shirt really mean?

Do birds pee?

What does OK actually mean?

Why do we say "bye bye" but not "hi hi"?

Why is it called a TV set when there is only one?

If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares, why is there a song about him?

Why are they called goose bumps? Do geese get people bumps?

Why can magicians make things disappear into thin air, but not thick air?

And why do people point to their wrist when asking for the time, but people don't point to their crotch when they ask where the bathroom is?Some fun things to do the next time you're on one of those long international flights to kill time...

Pinch the stewardess' butt as she passes.

When two people kiss in the in flight movie, belch real loud.

When there's any nudity, hoot really loudly for a few minutes.

Fart loudly and act shocked, looking around to see who did it.

Fiddle around with the emergency exit, then ask a fellow passenger if he has a crowbar.

Hijack the cockpit and, over the loudspeaker, announce that the first class passengers and luggage are to switch places.

Run down the aisle screaming, "He's got a bomb! He's got a bomb!"

Go into the bathroom and make rude bodily noises, then come out looking refreshed.

"Accidentally" spill your soda on the dork next to you.

Give someone a coin, saying "Heads, I detonate the bomb. Tails, I don't."

Go into the bathroom, drop your pants, then come out, yelling "We're out of toilet paper! Stewardess!".

Describe your sex life in great detail to the five-year-old next to you.

Lead a bible study session in the back of the plane.

Start a hot dog stand.

Steal businessman's laptop, play solitaire on it.

Remark that perhaps you shouldn't have put super glue in your underpants that morning.

Pick your nose and pat the person next to you.

Show off your Batman underwear.

Switch accents and see if anyone notices.

Sneak into the cockpit and hit the warning alarm.

Scratch your butt, then sniff your finger.

Go into the cockpit, flick on the intercom light, then loudly inquire as to why the fuel dial says "e".

Don't use deodorant, then "accidentally" stick your armpit in someone's face.

Sneeze, using somebody's sleeve instead of your hand to cover it.

Snort when you laugh.

Tell corny jokes and laugh like it's absolutely hilarious, then expect others to do the same.

Ride carry-on luggage down the aisle, yelling "Yeee-ha!".

With a desperate look, ask the stewardess where the bathroom is, then look relieved and say "Never mind. Do you have any towels?".

Jump up and scream "AAAHHH!! I left the stove on!!".

Ask someone for their autograph, pretending that you think they're Kevin Costner or Goldie Hawn (This best then the person looks nothing like the movie star in question)

If someone has a bad toupee, whack it off.

Pretend you're flying the plane.

Get some rub-on tattoos and a leather jacket, pretend that you belong to a biker gang.

Take over the plane with a toy gun.

Yell to someone "Is it time to hijack the plane yet?" (Note: Do this when there is a stewardess nearby).

To the person next to you, say "It's amazing that they didn't notice the grenade in my luggage.""An abstract noun," the teacher said, "is something you can think of, but you can't touch it. Can you give me an example of one?" 

"Sure," a teenage boy replied. "My father's new car."Rick, fresh out of accounting school, went to an interview for a good paying job. The company boss asked various questions about him and his education, but then asked him, "What is three times seven?" 

"22," Rick replied. After he left, he double-checked the problem on his calculator (he KNEW he should have taken it to the interview!) and realized he wouldn't get the job. 

About two weeks later, he got a letter that said he was hired for the job! He was not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, but was still very curious. The next day, he went in and asked why he got the job, even though he got such a simple question wrong. The boss shrugged and said, "Well, you were the closest."A man dies and finds himself standing third in line at the Pearly Gates.

The Angel explains that admission requirements are now a bit more strict, as a few slum landlords and con artists have managed to slip into Heaven without being detected.

He queries the first candidate: "What was your annual salary, and what was your profession?"
"I made $150,000 as an Attorney" comes the reply.
"You may  enter" says the Angel.

Second candidate, same question. "I made $95,000; I was a realtor." 
He is also permitted to enter. Now it is the third man's turn.

"My annual salary was $8,000."
"Cool!" replies the Angel, "and what instrument did you play?"Ever wonder what all those advertising terms really mean? 
----------------------------------------------------------

NEW - Different color from previous design.

ALL NEW - Parts are not interchangeable with previous design.

EXCLUSIVE - Imported product.

UNMATCHED - Almost as good as the competition.

FOOLPROOF OPERATION - No provision for adjustments.

ADVANCED DESIGN - The advertising agency doesn't understand it.

IT'S HERE AT LAST - Rush job. Nobody knew it was coming.

FIELD TESTED - Manufacturer lacks test equipment.

HIGH ACCURACY - Unit on which all parts fit.

FUTURISTIC - No other reason why it looks the way it does.

REDESIGNED - Previous flaws fixed - we hope.

DIRECT SALES ONLY - Factory had a big argument with distributor.

YEARS OF DEVELOPMENT - We finally got one to work.

BREAKTHROUGH - We finally figured out a use for it.

MAINTENANCE FREE - Impossible to fix.

MEETS ALL STANDARDS - Ours, not yours.

SOLID-STATE - Heavy as can be.

HIGH RELIABILITY - We made it work long enough to ship it.You know you are addicted to coffee if ...

You grind your coffee beans in your mouth.
You sleep with your eyes open.
You have to watch videos in fast-forward.
The only time you're standing still is during an earthquake.
You can take a picture of yourself from ten feet away without using the timer.
You've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week.
Your eyes stay open when you sneeze.
You chew on other people's fingernails.
The nurse needs a scientific calculator to take your pulse.
You're so jittery that people use your hands to blend their margaritas.
You can type sixty words per minute with your feet.
You can jump-start your car without cables.
You don't sweat, you percolate.
You walk twenty miles on your treadmill before you realize it's not plugged in.
You forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them.
You've built a miniature city out of little plastic stirrers.
People get dizzy just watching you.
Instant coffee takes too long.
You channel surf faster without a remote.
You have a picture of your coffee mug on your coffee mug.
You can outlast the Energizer bunny.
You short out motion detectors.
You don't even wait for the water to boil anymore.
Your nervous twitch registers on the Richter scale.
You help your dog chase its tail.
You soak your dentures in coffee overnight.
Your first-aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an I.V. hookup.
You ski uphill.
You get a speeding ticket even when you're parked.
You answer the door before people knock.
You haven't blinked since the last lunar eclipse.Dept. of the Army 
 Regulations For Operation Of Aircraft 
 Commencing January 1920

 1. Don't take the machine into the air unless you are satisfied it will fly.

 2. Never leave the ground with the motor leaking.

 3. Don't turn sharply when taxiing. Instead of turning sharp, have someone lift the tail around.

 4. In taking off, look at the ground and the air.

 5. Never get out of the machine with the motor running until the pilot relieving you can reach the motor controls.

 6. Pilots should carry hankies in a handy place to wipe off goggles.

 7. Riding on the steps, wings, or rail of the machine is prohibited.

 8. In case the engine fails on takeoff, land straight ahead regardless of obstacles.

 9. No machine must taxi faster than a man can walk.

 10. Never run motor so that blast will blow on other machines.

 11. Learn to gauge altitude, especially on landing.

 12. If you see another machine near you, get out of the way.

 13. No two cadets should ever ride together in the same machine.

 14. Do not trust altitude instruments.

 15. Before you begin a landing glide, see that no machines are under you.

 16. Hedge-hopping will not be tolerated.

 17. No spins on back or tail sides will be indulged in as they unnecessarily strain the machines.

 18. If flying against the wind and you wish to fly with the wind, don't make a sharp turn near the ground. You may crash.

 19. Motors have been known to stop during a long glide. If pilot wishes to use motor for landing, he should open the throttle.

 20. Don't attempt to force the machine onto the ground with more than flying speed. The result is bounding and ricocheting.

 21. Pilots will not wear spurs while flying.

 22. Do not use aeronautical gasoline in cars or motorcycles.

 23. You must not take off or land closer than 50 feet to the hanger.

 24. Never take a machine into the air until you are familiar with it's controls and instruments.

 25. If an emergency occurs while flying, land as soon as possible.Mary had a little lamb,
And a little pony too,
She put the pony in a field,
And the lamb into a stew!!His death won't be listed under "Obituaries," it will be under "Neighborhood Improvements."1st woman: I took my son to the zoo yesterday.

2nd woman: Did they accept him?Teacher: Recite your tables to me, Joan.

Joan: Dining table, kitchen table, bedside table...1st man: My son was born on Saint David's day, so I called him David.

2nd man: My son was born on Saint Patrick's day, so I called him Patrick.

3rd man: Well, my son was born on Shrove Tuesday, so I called him Pancakes.How do you break a Bill Clinton supporter's finger?
Punch him in the nose.

What does Jeffrey Dahmer's victims and The Clintons' hair styles have in common?
They both look like the work of a butcher.

If The Clinton's were younger, do you think they would have known the Clampents?
Possibly, Bill might have made Jethro's acquaintance in the 6th grade.

Why doesn't Hillary cut Bill's hair?
He won't pay her $300.

What are the two worst things about Bill Clinton?
His face.

What is the Arkansas state flower?
Gennifer.

Know how to solve the Serbian/Bosnian problem in less than 48 hours?
Put Janet Reno in charge.

What's the difference between a Bill Clinton and a carp?
One's a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other's a fish.

What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a pit bull?
The pit bull doesn't carry a briefcase.

How does Bill Clinton say "I'm about to hurt you"?
"Trust me."

What is the difference between Dan Quayle, Bill Clinton and Jane Fonda?
Jane Fonda went to Vietnam.

How can you tell Bill Clinton apart from a cow?
By the wise look in the eyes.

How can you tell Bill Clinton from a bunch of dead bodies?
He's the stiff one.

How many Bill Clintons does it take to change a lightbulb?
Two - one to promise he'll do it better than anyone else and one to obscure the issues.

How many Bill Clintons does it take to change a lightbulb?
None - he'll only promise "change."

How many Bill Clintons does it take to change a lightbulb?
He doesn't! He whines a while, says "I feel your pain", and gets congress to pass a billion dollar light security bill, and blames Republicans and special interests for not making lightbulbs free.

Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year?
Because they're sending their turkey to the White House!

Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year?
Because they can't afford any more pork.

Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year?
Reagan ate all the jellybeans.

Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year?
They've been having turkey for years.

Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving this year?
Because Clinton "invested" all the turkey.

What were Bill and Chelsea Clinton doing in the voting booth?
Bill was giving his daughter a lesson in Civics, how to ruin the people!

What does Teddy Kennedy have that Bill Clinton wishes he did?
A dead girlfriend.

What's the difference between Personal Injury lawyers and Congress?
No fee - if no recovery!

How did Bill and Hillary Clinton meet?
They were dating the same girl in high school.

How can you tell when Bill Clinton is lying?
Only a Bill Clinton supporter is too dumb to know the answer to this one.

How can you tell when Bill Clinton is telling a lie by looking at his face?
If his lips are moving, then he's lying.

What do Bill Clinton and a fifteen-watt light bulb have in common?
Neither one is very bright.

What does Clinton do to lose weight?
Runs away from the draft.

How can you tell when Clinton is ready for battle (in Bosnia)?
He's got his jogging suit on.

What's Clinton's favorite baseball team?
The Dodgers.

What's Bill's fondest wish now?
That someone would wave a hand at him using more than one finger.

What's a Clinton sandwich?
Pure bologna piled high and deep.

Why do they always fly around a live turkey in a cage on Air Force 1?
For spare parts.

Did you hear that the Clinton's had Air Force 1 remodeled?
Now it's got two left wings.

Why is Bill Clinton called "middle of the road Democrat"?
Because he's got a wide yellow stripe down the middle of his two-lane back.

Why is Bill Clinton's economic plan called positively atheist?
Because it hasn't got a prayer.

If Bill and Hillary jumped together off the Washington monument, who'd land first?
Who cares!

How did Bill Clinton get a crick in his neck?
Trying to save both faces.

If Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Al Gore, and Tipper took a boat ride and the boat capsized, who would be saved?
The United States of America!

Why is Bill Clinton diverting federal funds from improving schools to improving jails?
Because when his term is through, he won't be going to school.

Why does Chelsea look so stupid and ugly?
Heredity.

Why did Bill and Hillary send Chelsea to a private school?
If they sent her to a public school, the secret service would be out-gunned!

What do Clinton and JFK have in common?
They haven't had any brains for the last thirty years.

What happened when Bill Clinton got a shot of testosterone?
He turned into Hillary!

Did you hear Chrysler is introducing a new car to commemorate President Clinton's election?
It's gonna be called the Dodge Drafter!

Why does the secret service guard Hillary so closely?
Because if something happens to her, Bill becomes President!

How many Clinton administration officials does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two - one to screw the bulb into the water faucet while the other tells us that everything possible is being done to help the situation.

How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?
None. The democrats do that.

How many republicans does it take to disarm the law abiding public so that the government can enforce totalitarianistic and unconstitutional laws?
None. The Socialist - Democrats do that.

How many Clinton White House officials does it take to change a lightbulb?
None. They like to keep him in the dark!

Why do liberals travel in threes?
One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both intellectuals.

What kind of neckwear does Hillary Clinton look best in?
A noose.

What kind of jewelry does Hillary look best in?
Handcuffs.

What Biblical and Renaissance characters does Hillary most resemble?
Jezebel and Lucretia Borgia.

What's the best place to photograph Clinton Administration officials?
A police lineup.

What's a conservative?
A liberal who made it through adolescence.

What is a conservative?
A liberal who's been mugged.

What do you get when you cross a crooked lawyer with a crooked politician?
Chelsea.

You know what the problem with political jokes is, don't you?
They get elected.

What famouse Arkansas State Supreme Court decision is Hilary Clinton famous for?
If you divorce your wife in Arkansas, is she still your cousin? 

Why is Chelsea Clinton a miracle child?
Because lawyers use their personalities for birth control.

Why did Bill Clinton cross the road?
To tax the chicken.

Why can't Bill Clinton file a defamation of character suit against his critics?
Because Bill Clinton has no character to defame.

If called to testify in a trial how long will it before before Clinton commits perjury?
When he's sworn in.

How many helicopters does it take for White House aides to go play a round of golf?
Depends on how many were photographed.

Why did Bill Clinton cross the road?
To meet the chick.

How are Boris Becker and President Clinton alike?
Both aren't as successful when they're not on grass.

Did you hear they put two new faces on Mt. Rushmore?
Yeah, they were Bill Clinton.

Did you know that Clinton's cat can play chess?
Inside Information: The cat isn't really all that good at chess. The last time they played best of five, Clinton won three games to two.

Who would become President of the U.S.A if the President died?
Bill Clinton of course!

How does Bill Clinton change a light bulb?
He doesn't. He whines a while, says "I feel your pain", and gets congress to pass a billion dollar light security bill, and blames Republicans and special interests for not making lightbulbs free.

What do the Republicans have that Bill Clinton wishes he had?
A mandate to govern.

How can you tell that the guy who attacked the White house with a plane was insane?
He seems to have thought Clinton would be in his own bedroom at night.

What did Hillary tell Bill when the Paula Jones story broke?
"You idiot! I told you to let Teddy Kennedy drive her home!"

What did Boris Yelstin say when asked if meeting Clinton made want to convert Russia to the type of government they have in America?
"Never! I'm not going to let my wife run the country!"

Why doesn't Bill like old houses?
He's afraid of the draft.

What's the differents between Bill Clinton and an elephant?
About 20 pounds and a jogging suit.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and David Koresh?
Koresh only burned 85 people.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and David Koresh?
Some people still believe in David Koresh.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Joseph Stalin?
Some of Stalin's subjects admired him.

How many Hillary Clintons does it take to change a light bulb?
One - she just holds the bulb and the world revolves around her.

What's the difference between Janet Reno and a school bus driver?
The bus driver stops to let the kids out.

How does Bill keep Gennifer Flowers away from the White House?
He keeps offering to send Ted Kennedy over to give her a ride.

When will there be a woman in the White House?
When Hillary leaves town.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a container of yogurt?
Yogurt has culture.

What is the best thing that ever came out of Arkansas?
Highway 55.

Why does Clinton always have a stupid grin on his face?
He is stupid!

Why is Clinton prone to losing his voice?
He keeps having to eat his words.

How do you know when a liberal is really dead?
His heart stops bleeding.

How does Al Gore spell potato?
T-A-T-E-R.

Why is Chelsea growing up a confused child?
Because dad can't keep his pants on and mom wants to wear them.

Why were there two presidential limousines in the inaugural parade?
The first one held the real president while the second one contained the president's spouse, Bill Clinton.

How has Clinton made his cabinet look more like America?
Many of them have sixth grade reading levels.

What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter?
Jimmy Carter waited until after the inauguration to break his promises.

How do you spot Al Gore in a room full of secret service agents?
He's the stiff one.

What were the three toughest years in Al Gore's life?
Grade six.

If Rodham gets health care, Bentsen gets treasury, and Aspin gets defense, what does Gore get?
Coffee.

What will Bill's favorite retail outlet be after his economic blueprint takes effect?
Everything's $100.

What was the real purpose of Bill's college visit to Moscow?
To study economics.

What is Clinton's plan to create thousands of small businesses?
Take thousands of big businesses and wait four years.

Why is Bill infuriated with Chelsea's new private school?
They broke family tradition by making her wear a uniform.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter?
It took Bill less than 100 days to botch a military mission.

Why did Bill go out to sea on an aircraft carrier?
To promote off-shore drilling.

Why did Clinton choose Canada as the site for his summit with Yeltsin?
So he could look up some college buddies who moved up there during the war.

What does Clinton have in common with his Hollywood pals?
They all make a living by lying to people.

Why did the Davidians commit suicide?
They were trying to keep up with the Joneses.

Why are there more jokes about Waco than Jonestown?
The punch lines were too long in Jonestown.

What do a Wendy's Hamburger and the Waco compound have in common?
They were both cooked by a guy named "Dave".

What is the only thing worse than an incompetent liberal President?
A competent liberal President.

What is the first thing that President Clinton says after waking up?
"Good morning, Bill."

What has Clinton done that no one has been able to do in the last 5 years?
Unite the Republican party.

Why did Clinton waffle on military action in Bosnia?
His area of expertise is dodging armed conflict.

How many Democrats does it take to destroy a light bulb?
None. They only know how to destroy the taxpayers.

When did Clinton's friends become sure that he had political ambitions?
When he married outside of his family.

What does Bill Clinton have in common with former great Presidents?
Absolutely nothing.

What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Elvis?
Elvis was drafted and served proudly in the Army.

Why did the IRS recently audit Bill Clinton? 
Because he filed as head of the household.

How is Clinton's health care reform a lot like his haircut?
It is a lot more expensive than it looks.

What is the difference between a liberal and a puppy?
A puppy stops whining after it grows up.

Why were the Clintonites pushing the BTU Tax?
Because they could spell it.

What is the basement where White House staffers work called?
The whine cellar.

Why aren't Clinton White House staffers given coffee breaks?
It takes too long to retrain them.

How can you identify a computer that has been in use at the Clinton White House?
There is White-out on the screen.

How can you tell if it was a shared computer used by many staffers?
There is writing on the White-out.

What is the difference between an intelligent liberal and Bigfoot?
Bigfoot has been spotted.

How is Bill Clinton like a passive-restraint device?
He is a bag of air that is not on the driver's side.

How is Bill like a character actor?
When he shows character, he's acting.

What is Hillary's favorite holiday?
Summer solstice.

What do you get when you give Bill Clinton a penny for his thoughts?
Change.

What do you get when you cross Bill Clinton with a gorilla?
Who knows? There is only so much a gorilla can be forced to do.

What is Clinton's favorite war song?
"Over Here"

What costume did Bill Clinton wear to a Halloween party that scared everyone to death?
He came dressed as a two-term president.

Why is Perot's wife glad he didn't get elected?
If he won, they would have to move to a smaller house in a bad neighborhood.

What is the difference between liberalism and socialism?
Socialism is dead.

What is the difference between Clinton's health care plan and a kidney stone?
A kidney stone is easier to pass.

What is the difference between Hitler and Bill Clinton?
Hitler intended to deliver on his speeches.

What is the difference between the U.S. and the former USSR?
The U.S. still has a Communist party in power.

What does Clinton need to stop the white water?
A water gate.

Why are they renaming Arkansas Highway 50 the "Bill Clinton Highway?"
The road is crooked, slick, and has a yellow stripe down the middle.

What do Hillary Clinton and the Dallas Cowboys have in common?
They both dominate Bills.

What is the difference between TV characters Dan and Roseanne Conner and the Clintons?
The Conners own their own home.

What is the difference between Whitewater and Watergate?
No one died in Watergate.

What is Hillary's new nickname after her latest hairstyle?
Oldielocks.

What are the administration's favorite words in foreign policy?
We have not ruled out military force.

What would one get with a donation to Rostenkowski's legal fund?
A free stamp.

Why are staff cuts so difficult for Clinton?
He can't give a woman a pink slip without asking her to try it on first.

Which of the following does not belong: AIDS, gonorrhea, herpes, or Bill Clinton?
Gonorrhea - it can be cured.

Why was Roger Clinton's wedding delayed 5 days?
The bride's father had to wait 5 days to buy the shotgun.

How are Congressmen and baseball players alike?
They are millionaires who work 3 hours a day and left in August not finishing what they had started.

Why did the chicken cross the Atlantic?
To attend D-Day celebrations.

What do you get when you cross Bill Clinton and James Dean?
A man without a clue.

How did we know long before the Haiti invasion that Clinton was planning to go to war?
He visited Oxford.

How is Bill Clinton like an unemployed school teacher?
No class and no principals.

What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a pickpocket?
A pickpocket snatches watches.

What does Hillary have in common with the city of Buffalo?
They both have Bills that are losers.

Why does the Clinton administration want to reinvent government?
They are having a lot of trouble dealing with the existing form...democracy.

Who should Clinton have used to overthrow Haiti's military?
John Elway.

Why is Clinton so interested in events in the Middle East?
He thinks the Gaza Strip is a topless bar.

Why does Hillary think her husband is a model president?
Because a model is a small imitation of the real thing.

What does Hillary Clinton have in common with Gerald Ford?
They both became president without being elected.

What's the difference between the Waco ATF and Bill Clinton?
BIll Clinton burned 260,000,000 people.

What do call someone who sees the glass in front of him half full?
An optimist.

Well, then what do you call someone who sees the glass in front of him as half empty?
Teddy Kennedy.

What did Teddy Kennedy say when he heard of JFK's assassination?
He couldn't have been shot in the temple! We're not Jewish!

Why did Ted Kennedy spend four hours in the voting booth?
He thought he was in a confessional.

Why did the Clintons switch from MCI to AT&T?
They didn't have enough friends left to make a calling circle.

What's the difference between President Hoover and Clinton?
One promised a chicken in every pot and the other was an unpromising chicken who smoked pot.

Why did the chicken cross the road?
To get away from Bill Clinton.

What's the difference between Clinton and Christopher Reeve?
Clinton is dead from the neck up.

Where are the two biggest airbags located?
The White House.

Who was the first liberal Democrat?
Christopher Columbus. He left not knowing where he was going, got there not knowing where he was, left not knowing where he'd been, and did it all on borrowed money.

Did you hear that someone threw a bottle of beer at Clinton?
Yes, but it's ok. It was a Draft and he was able to dodge it.

What's Bill Clinton's least expensive hobby?
To sit in the Oval Office and collect dust.

Did you hear that Tyson Foods has genetically engineered a new breed of chicken and named it in honor of Bill Clinton?
It's a brainless, spineless, tar-and-feathers yellow chicken.

Why is Bill Clinton the living proof of reincarnation?
Because no one could get this stupid in one lifetime.

Do you know why Clinton gave the Federal employees the day off on Wednesday?
It was Secretaries' Day and he was too cheap to buy his a present!

What's a word for Clintons '92 campaign?
A snow job.

What will you get if Clinton's health bill passes?
No Job.

How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb?
It's irrelevant; they still don't know they're in the dark!

What's the best job a dumb blonde ever had?
Vice-president of the United States.

Have you heard about the new Bill Clinton doll?
You pull a little ring and it never tells the same story twice!

What do Hillary Clinton and Marie Antoinette have in common?
Nothing . . . yet.

Why does Hillary Clinton often wear turtle necks when attending Bill's speaking engagements?
So you can't see her adam's apple move as he speaks.

What's Clinton doing to make Americans happy?
If you've paid your tax bill and have enough money left to feed your family - you're happy.President Bush, Dan Quayle, Ross Perot, and Bill Clinton all traveled together to see the Wizard of Oz. Upon arrival, they were brought to see him.

First, President Bush went to see the Wizard and said, "Everyone says I have no compassion or feelings, I wish to have a Heart," so the Wizard said, "So be it."

Second was Dan Quayle. He told the Wizard, "People think I'm unintelligent and have no common sense whatsoever. I want a brain." The Wizard said, "So be it." 

Third to ask the Wizard was Ross Perot. "People say I have no confidence, and I lack conviction. I wish to have some courage." The Wizard granted this wish as well.

Yhen Bill Clinton approached the Wizard. The Wizard looked at him and said, "Well, what do you want?" to which Clinton replied, "I'm here for Dorothy!"One night, Bill Clinton was awakened by George Washington's ghost in the White House. Clinton saw him and asked, "George, what is the best thing I could do to help the country?" 

"Set an honest and honorable example, just as I did," advised George. 

The next night, the ghost of Thomas Jefferson moved through the dark bedroom. "Tom, what is the best thing I could do to help the country?" Clinton asked. 

"Cut taxes and reduce the size of government," advised Tom. 

Clinton didn't sleep well the next night, and saw another figure moving in the shadows. It was Abraham Lincoln's ghost. "Abe, what is the best thing I could do to help the country?" Clinton asked. 

"Go to the theatre."Bill Clinton, George Bush, and Ronald Reagan are in a boat in the Potomac, when suddenly the boat develops a leak. They have only one life preserver jacket.

Bill says: "Let's do the Democratic thing. Take a vote to see who gets the life preserver." They each write a name on a piece of paper and stuff it in a coffee can. Bush and Reagan get one vote each; Clinton gets six.Did you hear that in response to President Bill Clinton's habit of dropping in on the local McDonalds, the McDonald's national management has announced a commemorative double cheeseburger, the McClinton?

Of course, when you get it, the price has doubled, you never get the fries you were originally promised, and it's got half the meat.Before his infamous haircut on the tarmac, Clinton asked his stylist Christophe, "How long will this take, how much will it cost, and how good will this look?"

Christophe replied just ten minutes, cost $20, and look marvelous. An hour and fifteen minutes later, Clinton looked into the mirror in horror and Christophe handed him a bill for $200.

Clinton gasped, "You took too long, it doesn't look that great, and it is costing me ten times more than you said!"

Christophe replied, "That makes us even."Bill and Hillary were going down a back road and stopped at a gas station.

As the worker was filling up their car, he said to Hillary, "I went to high school with you". 

She recognized him and agreed with him.

Later, as they were driving down the road, Bill said, "If you had married him you wouldn't be married to the President."

Hillary said, "Oh yes, I would - he would be President."It was Arbor Day, and a blonde, a brunette and a redhead all planted something.

The redhead planted flowers in her front yard.
The brunette planted a tree in her back yard.
The blonde didn't know what to plant, so she asked the redhead.
"Plant something that looks good," she said.
The blonde still didn't know what to plant, so she asked the brunette.
"Plant something you want more of," she said.

The blonde finally knew what to plant. The next day,her husband was declared a missing person.HOW TO GET A TAN WITH A BLOWTORCH

HOW TO BE FUNNY by Gilbert Gottfried

MY PLAN TO FIND THE REAL KILLERS by O J Simpson

ZAGAT'S GUIDE TO CITIES WITHOUT A STARBUCKS

THE ENGINEER'S GUIDE TO FASHION

TO ALL THE MEN I'VE LOVED BEFORE by Ellen DeGeneres

THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN REALITY AND DILBERT

FAST & EFFICIENT WINDOWS PROGRAMS

HUMAN RIGHTS ADVANCES IN CHINA

THINGS I WOULD NOT DO FOR MONEY by Dennis Rodman

THE WILD YEARS by Al Gore

BEATING A DRUG ADDICTION by Darryl Strawberry

AMELIA EARHART'S GUIDE TO THE PACIFIC OCEAN

AMERICA'S MOST POPULAR LAWYERS

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES FOR LIBERAL ARTS MAJORS

DETROIT - A TRAVEL GUIDE

DIFFERENT WAYS TO SPELL BOB

DR. KEVORKIAN'S COLLECTION OF MOTIVATIONAL SPEECHES

EASY UNIX

ETHIOPIAN TIPS ON WORLD DOMINANCE

EVERYTHING MEN KNOW ABOUT WOMEN

EVERYTHING WOMEN KNOW ABOUT MEN

FRENCH HOSPITALITY

GEORGE FOREMAN'S BIG BOOK OF BABY NAMES

HOW TO SUSTAIN A MUSICAL CAREER by Art Garfunkel

MIKE TYSON'S GUIDE TO DATING ETIQUETTE

SPOTTED OWL RECIPES

FRENCH MILITARY VICTORIES

STAPLE YOUR WAY TO SUCCESS

THE AMISH PHONE DIRECTORY

THE BOOK OF VIRTUES by Bill Clinton

BEAUTY SECRETS by Janet Reno 

HOME BUILT AIRPLANES by John Denver 

HOW I BECAME A STUD by Kenny G

FUN WITH UNIX

How To Get To The Superbowl by Dan Marino

Things I Can't Afford by Bill GatesA man was watching television when there was a knock on the door. He answered it, but only a snail was there. So he picked it up and threw it into the street. 

Two years later, the man heard another knock on the door. He opened the door and it was the snail again. The snail says, "What was that all about?"Ozone created by electric cars now killing millions in the seventh largest country in the world, California. 

White minorities still trying to have English recognized as California's third language. 

Spotted Owl plague threatens northwestern United States crops & livestock. 

Baby conceived naturally; Scientists stumped. 

Authentic year 2000 "Chad" sells at Sotheby's for $1.6 million. 

Castro finally dies at age 112; Cuban cigars can now be imported legally, but President Chelsea Clinton has banned all smoking. 

George Z. Bush says he will run for President in 2044. 

Postal Service raises price of first class stamp to $17.89 and reduces mail delivery to Wednesday only. 

35 year study: diet and exercise is the key to weight loss. 

Massachusetts executes last remaining conservative. 

Supreme Court rules punishment of criminals violates their civil rights. 

Upcoming NFL draft likely to focus on use of mutants. 

Average height of NBA players now nine feet, seven inches. 

Microsoft announces it has perfected its newest version of Windows so it crashes BEFORE installation is completed. 

New federal law requires that all nail clippers, screwdrivers, fly swatters, and rolled up newspapers must be registered by January 2046. 

Congress authorizes direct deposit of illegal political contributions to campaign accounts. 

IRS sets lowest tax rate at 75%.Pope John Paul II gets to heaven. St. Peter says, "Frankly, you're lucky to be here." 

The Pope says, "Why? What did I do wrong on earth?" 

St. Peter says, "God was very angry with your stance on women becoming priests." 

The Pope says, "He's mad about THAT?" 

St. Peter says, "She's furious."A couple is at an Art exhibition, and they are looking at a portrait that has them a little taken aback. The picture depicts 3 very black, very naked men, sitting on a park bench; 2 have a black penis, and the one in the middle has a pink penis. 

As the couple is looking somewhat puzzled at the picture, the artist walks by and says "Can I help you with this painting. I'm the artist who painted it." 

The man says "Well, we like the painting but don't understand why you have 3 African men on a bench, and the one in the middle has a pink penis, while the other two have  black penises." 

The artist says "Oh, you are misinterpreting the painting. They're not African men, they are Irish coal miners and the one in the middle went home for lunch.A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down. - Robert Benchley

Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. - James Baldwin

Life is hard. After all, it kills you. - Katherine Hepburn

If drumsticks are for playing drums, you would think that breadsticks would be for playing bread, wouldn't you? "Would you like some breadsticks?" "No, thank you, I don't play bread. I play drums. Perhaps I'll have a drum roll." - George Carlin

How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were? - Satchel Paige

Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey

My dog is half pit bull, half poodle. It's not much of a watchdog, but it's a vicious gossip. - Craig Shoemaker

As a boy, I was ashamed to wear glasses. I memorized the eye chart, and then on the test they asked essay questions. - Woody Allen

They say if you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns. Well, those are precisely the people who need them! - George Carlin

I have left orders to be awakened at any time in case of national emergency, even if I'm in a cabinet meeting. - Ronald Reagan

If you ask me, I'd like to become the first female president. That would be really cool. The first thing I would do is redecorate the White House, it doesn't look very cozy. - Jennifer Lopez

Border relations between Canada and Mexico have never been better. - George W. Bush

I'll watch a Keanu Reeves movie and I'll go, 'Wow, he's really not a very good actor!' - Ashton Kutcher

Profanity is the adjective of the feeble minded. - Gordon Lane

When people say "clean as a whistle", they forget that a whistle is full of spit. - George Carlin

A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished. - Zsa Zsa Gabor

He who stops being better stops being good. - Oliver Cromwell

You see a lot of smart guys with dumb women, but you hardly ever see a smart woman with a dumb guy - Erica Jong

Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. - Albert Einstein

The trouble with being punctual is that nobody is there to appreciate it! - Franklin Jones

Outside of the killings, Washington DC has one of the lowest crime rates in the country. - Marion Barry

A hospital bed is a parked taxi, with the meter running - Groucho Marx

I would never die for my beliefs, because I might be wrong. - Bertrand Russell

A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits. - Richard Nixon

I'm paranoid. On my stationary bike, I have a rear view mirror. - Richard Lewis

If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton

Dog is God spelled backwards. That means something, I'm just not sure what exactly, but human is numah spelled backwards. - Marc-Christophe

Why don't they have waiters in waiting rooms? - George Carlin

According to a brand new report, alcohol abuse in Ireland is on the rise. Mainly because the guy who didn't drink now does. - Conan O'Brien

30. All we have is here and now. That's why procrastination feels so right. Procrastination isn't the problem, it's the solution. - Ellen DeGeneres

Housework can't kill you, but why take the chance? - Phyllis Diller

Before we got engaged, he never farted. Now it's a second language. - Caroline Rhea

Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy. - Albert Einstein

Having kids is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain. - Martin Mull

Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. - Howard Aiken

Waiters and waitresses are becoming nicer and much more caring. I used to pay my check, they would say "Thank you." That's now escalated into "You care care of yourself, now." The other day I paid my check and the waiter said, "Don't put off that mammogram." - Rita Rudner

Sincerity is everything. If you can fake that, you've got it made. - George Burns

Time flies like the wind. Fruit flies like a banana. - Groucho Marx

I don't think my family liked me. They put a live teddy bear in my crib. - Woody Allen

I guess I just prefer to see the dark side of things. The glass is always half empty. And cracked. And I just cut my lip on it. And chipped a tooth. - Janeane Garofalo

When will all the rhetorical questions end? - George Carlin

I got a waterbed, but my husband stocked it with trout. - Joan Rivers

A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men. - Willy Wonka

Whether you believe you can or believe you can't, you're probably right. - Henry Ford

Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle. - Bob Hope

I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult. - Rita Rudner

Never kick a fresh turd on a hot day. - Harry S. Truman

Money will not make you happy, and happy will not make you money. - Groucho Marx

Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. - Albert Schweitzer

50. The meek shall inherit the earth, but not the mineral rights. - John Paul Getty

Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of the pieces. - Judith Viorst

It takes less time to do a thing right than to explain why you did it wrong. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome. - Booker T. Washington

A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of. - Ogden Nash

The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. - Bertrand Russell

You make a living by what you get, you make a life by what you give - Winston Churchill

If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live. - Martin Luther King Jr. 

I wish people who have trouble communicating would just shut up. - Tom Lehrer

The most affectionate creature in the world is a wet dog. - Ambrose Bierce

Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand. - Anonymous

There are very few people who don't become more interesting when they stop talking. - Mary Lowry

The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. - Fran Lebowitz

All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner. - Red Skelton

Common sense is not so common. - Voltaire

Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are. - Bertolt Brecht

Always be sincere. Even if you don't mean it. - Harry S. Truman

It used to be cars had cool names: Dart, Hawk, Fury, Cougar, Firebird, Hornet, Mustang, Barracuda. Now we have Elantra, Altima, Acura, Lumina, Sentra, Corolla, Maxima, Tercel. Further proof that America has lost its edge. - George Carlin

First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi

When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of 12 people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty. - Norm Crosby

Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a swimming pool. - George Carlin

You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother. - Albert Einstein

Sure, there have been injuries and deaths in boxing - but none of them were serious. - Alan Minter (Boxer)

Countries are making nuclear weapons like there is no tomorrow. - Emo Philips

A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. - Samuel Goldwyn

If you let your head get too big, it'll break your neck. - Elvis Presley

Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage. - Woody Allen

If life gives you lemons, make some sort of fruity juice. - Conan O'BrienI don't kill flies but I like to mess with their minds. I hold them above globes. They freak out and yell, "Whoa, I'm way too high!" - Bruce Baum

Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives. - Sue Murphy 

When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family? - Robin Williams

The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job. But if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house. - Jeff Foxworthy

I'm a psychic amnesiac. I know in advance what I'll forget. - Michael McShane

What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth? Judging from realistic simulations involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will be pretty bad. - Dave Barry

Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. - Rodney Dangerfield

Should I really care what kind of beer frogs recommend? - Dennis Miller

Scratch a dog, and you'll find a permanent job. - Franklin P. Jones

If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get one million miles to the gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. - Robert X. Cringley

Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. - Dave Barry

It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. - John Dryden

A new cologne is coming out. It's for cowboys, and it's made from cow's manure. That way the women will be on you like flies! - Bill Maher

Ah, yes, divorce, from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. - Robin Williams

On my gravestone, I want to say "I told you I was sick." - Tom Waits

A pessimist is a man who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Laurence J. Peter

Too often, the opportunity knocks, but by the time you push back the chain, push back the bolt, unhook the two locks and shut off the burglar alarm, it's too late. - Rita Coolidge

Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself. - Roseanne

Those who survived the San Francisco earthquake said, "Thank God, I'm still alive." But, of course, those who died - their lives will never be the same again. - Barbara Boxer, Senator 

I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. The always say because it's such a beautiful animal. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her. - Ellen DeGeneres

I went out to dinner with a Marine last weekend. He looked across the table and he goes, "I could kill you in seven seconds." I go, "I'll just have toast, then." - Margaret Smith

They laughed at Einstein. They laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. - Carl Sagan

You can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you this look that says, "My God, you're right! I never would've thought of that!" - Dave Barry

The difference between being in a relationship and being in prison is that in prisons they let you play softball on the weekends. - Bobby Kelton

According to a new survey, women say they feel more comfortable undressing in front of men than they do undressing in front of other women. They say that women are too judgmental, where, of course, men are just grateful. - Jay Leno

I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else. - Lily Tomlin

At 38 years, I finally got me the woman that said those six words I wanted all my life to hear: "My dad owns a liquor store." - Mark Klein

I am not the boss of my house. I don't know when I lost it. I don't know if I ever had it. But I have seen the boss's job and I do not want it. - Bill Cosby

In the last couple of weeks I have seen the ads for the Wonder Bra...Is that really a problem in this country? Men not paying enough attention to women's breasts? - Jay Leno

I love being married. I was single for a long time, and I just got so sick of finishing my own sentences. - Brian Kiley

A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: "Duh!" - Conan O'Brien

I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three. - Elayne Boosler

The problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time. - Robin Williams

In high school, I wanted to be a feminist, but my boyfriend wouldn't let me. - Denise Munro

If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there is a man on base. - Dave Barry

Relationships are hard. It's like a full time job, and we should treat it like one. If your boyfriend or girlfriend wants to leave you, they should give you two weeks' notice. There should be severance pay, and before they leave you, they should have to find you a temp. - Bob Ettinger

My mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in the lake and threw her off the boat. I said, 'Mom, they weren't trying to teach you how to swim.' - Paula Poundstone

Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize I could be eating a slow learner. - Lynda Montgomery

I think that's how Chicago got started. A bunch of people in New York said, "Gee, I'm enjoying the crime and the poverty, but it just isn't cold enough. Let's go west." - Richard Jeni

If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead. - Johnny Carson

Sometimes I think war is God's way of teaching us geography." - Paul Rodriguez

In elementary school, in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a single file line from smallest to tallest. What is the logic? Do tall people burn slower? - Warren Hutcherson

Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: 'This looks much better on.' On what? On fire? - Marsha Warfield

Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same. - Oscar Wilde

Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. - Mark Twain

My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance. - Tim Allen

We have women in the military, but they don't put us in the front lines. They don't know if we can fight, if we can kill. I think we can. All the general has to do is walk over to the women and say, "You see the enemy over there? They say you look fat in those uniforms." - Elayne Boosler

Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home. - Phyllis Diller

I think I am, therefore I am. I think. - George Carlin

There's a new medical crisis. Doctors are reporting that many men having allergic reactions to latex condoms. They say they cause severe swelling. So what's the problem? - Jay Leno

The post office says they're raising the price of stamps by one cent because they need to upgrade their equipment. Apparently, they're going from semi-automatics to uzis... - Conan O'Brien

Men look at women the way men look at cars... Everyone looks at Ferraris. Now and then we like a pickup truck, and we all buy station wagons... - Tim Allen

There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know... Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, "I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked." - Jerry Seinfield

I was a vegetarian until I started leaning towards sunlight. - Rita Rudner

Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive. - Tim Allen

AT&T is now offering a new service that allows you to pay your bills through your TV screen by using your remote control. So instead of saying, "The check's in the mail," people are going to say, "Hey, I wanted to pay, but I couldn't find the remote." - Jay Leno

You make the beds, you do the dishes, and six months later you have to start all over again. - Joan Rivers

A survey says that American workers work the first three hours every day just to pay their taxes. So that's why we can't get anything done in the morning: We're government workers! - Jay Leno

I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. - Britney Spears

Electricity can be dangerous. My nephew tried to stick a penny into a plug. Whoever said a penny doesn't go far didn't see it shoot across that floor. I told him he was grounded. - Tim Allen

Men do not like to admit to even momentary imperfection. My husband forgot the code to turn off the alarm. When the police came, he wouldn't admit he'd forgotten the code.....he turned himself in. - Rita Rudner

If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten. - George Carlin

That married couples can live together day after day is a miracle that the Vatican has overlooked... - Bill Cosby

I am a marvelous housekeeper. Every time I leave a man I keep his house. - Zsa Zsa Gabor

After making love I said to my girl, "Was it good for you too?" And she said, "I don't think this was good for anybody." - Garry Shandling

If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either. - Dick CavettIf it weren't for electricity, we'd all be watching television by candlelight. - George GobelYo Momma so dumb, she was killed in a pie eating contest when the cow sat on her!A dog went to a telegram office, took out a blank form and wrote: "Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof." 

The clerk examined the paper and politely told the dog: "There are only nine words here. You could send another 'Woof' for the same price." The dog replied, "But that would make no sense at all."Q: What do you have when there are 100 rabbits standing in a row and they all start hopping backwards?  

A: Receding hare line.Reporters asked Dan Quayle what he thought of Roe v. Wade?  His response: "Two alternate ways to cross the Potomac."What does the "O" and the "N" stand for in 'CLEMSON'?  


The "O" is for honor, and the "N" for knowledge.Ever hear about the Polish athlete who won a gold medal?  He had it bronzed.A 6 year old was in a car with her parents. She kept having sneezing fits, and she kept splattering snot all over the seats. Eventually, the Mum and Dad gave up on trying to stop the sneezing, and told the little girl to put her hands up when she sneezed. The little girl did so, raising her hands above her head, and sneezed on the Mum's face!!Texan: "Where are you from?"

Harvard graduate: "I come from a place where we do not end our sentences with prepositions."

Texan: "OK, where are you from, Jackass?"Two weasels are sitting on a bar stool. One starts to insult the other one. He screams, "I slept with your mother!" The bar gets quiet as everyone listens to see what the other weasel will do. The first again yells, "I SLEPT WITH YOUR MOTHER!" The other says, "Go home dad you're drunk."10. I admire your strength, I admire your spunk
But the thing I like best, is getting you drunk.

9. Our love will never become cold and hollow
Unless, one day, you refuse to swallow.

8. I bought this Valentine's card at the store
In hopes that, later, you'd be my whore.

7. This feels so good, it feels so right
I just wish it wasn't $250 a night.

6. You're a woman of style, you're a woman of class
Especially when I'm spanking, your big-round-fat ass.

5. Before I met you, my heart was so famished
But now I'm fulfilled. . . SO MAKE ME A SAMICH!!!

4. Through all the things that came to pass
Our love has grown. . . but so's your ass.

3. You're a honey. . . and you're a cutie
I just wished you had J-Lo's "booty".

2. I don't wanna be sappy or silly or corny
So, right to the point, let's do it, I'm horny!

1. If you think that hickey looks like a blister,
you should check out the one that I gave to your sister!A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: "A beer please, and one for the road.""Hard drive" -- 

Trying to climb a steep, muddy hill with 3 flat tires and pulling a trailer load of fertilizer.

"Keyboard" -- 

1. Place to hang your truck keys. 
2. Whare you're supposed to put da keys so da wife can find 'em. 

"Window" -- 

Place in the truck to hang your guns.

"Floppy" -- 

When you run out of Polygrip.

"Modem" -- 

1. How you got rid of your dandelions. 
2. What you did to da hay fields last July. (from NetDummy Humor)

"ROM" -- 

Delicious when you mix it with coca cola.

"Byte" -- 

First word in a kiss-off phrase.

"Reboot" -- 

What you do when the first pair gets covered with barnyard stuff.

"Network" -- 

Activity meant to provide bait for your trot line.

"Mouse" -- 

1. Fuzzy, soft thing you stuff in your beer bottle in order to get a free case. 
2. What leaves those little turds in da cupboard.

"LAN" -- 

To borrow as in, "Hey Delbert! LAN me yore truck."

"Cursor" -- 

What some guys do when they are mad at their wife and/or girlfriend.

"Bit" -- 

A wager as in, "I bit you can't spit that watermelon seed across the porch longways."

"Digital Control" -- 

What yore fingers do on the TV remote.

"Packet" -- 

What you do to a suitcase or Wal-Mart bag before a trip.

"Tab" -- 

The amount of money you owe the bartender out of your next paycheck.

"Space bar" -- 

Where aliens and astronauts go when they are thirsty.

"Backspace" -- 

The place in back of front seat of the car where you keep a case of beer.

"Alt" -- 

Form of verb "be" like, "I alt be gone now."

"Delete" -- 

The lighter object like, "Don't gimmy the heavy one, gimmy  delete one."

"My Briefcase" -- 

What you put all your ol' stuff in when "she" gets mad at you.


"Shift" -- 

What you must do when blue lights come on.

"Disc" -- 

What you do before you plow, to level the ground.

"Ram" -- 

1. Dodge pick up truck. 
2. Da hydraulic thing that makes da woodsplitter work. 

"Rom" -- 

Wander: "Wher' ya goin?" "Ah dunnow. Recon I'll jus rom round"

"Refresh" -- 

Mix another Jack Daniels and 7. 

"Browser" -- 

Bowser's name when you're drunk.

"Web" -- 

DUH? should be obvious. What spiders make, tickles yer butt when you gotta go while in the woods. 

"Edit" -- 

Past tense of "eat" "Wher'd that leftover possum belly go?" " You edit afore you passed out las nite. 

"Gig" -- 

Frogging implement; frog gig. Used while air boating. A bamboo, or fiberglass pole with straightened fish hooks on the business end for spearing frogs.

"Internet" -- 

Where her fish were when she caught em ( In er net).

"Buddy list" -- 

Names and phone numbers on the inside wall of the public outhouse above the hole.

"Tab" -- 

Ancient soft drink, used to mix low calorie drinks with white lightnin.

"Computer Chips" -- 

What you have when your computer takes a dump, sorta like cow chips.

The following were contributed by Jeremy (The Yankee Redneck).

"Shift" -- 

What you do to get that truck to go.

"Ins" -- 

To Enter, as in, "Ins ya go, outs you go".

The following were contributed by Sonovabic.

"Scanner" -- 

1. What you do to a good lookin' woman. 
2. What you listen to the police band on.

The following were taken from Net Dummy Humor.

"Log On" -- 

Making da wood stove hotter.

"Log Off " -- 

Don't add wood.

"Monitor" -- 

1. Keep an eye on da wood stove. 
2. What you do when you suspect your wife of cheatin. (from Tweetheart86chic)

"Megahertz" -- 

When a big log drops on your bare foot in da morning.

"Floppy Disk" -- 

What you get from piling too much wood.

"Drive" -- 

Getting home during most of the winter in Kentucky.

"Prompt" -- 

What you wish da mail was during the snow season.

"Enter" -- 

Come on in.

"Windows" -- 

What you shut when it gets 10 below.

"Screen" -- 

What is a must during black fly season.

"Chip" -- 

What you munch during Wildcat's games.

"Microchip" -- 

What's left in da bag when da chips are gone.

"Dot Matrix" -- 

Eino Matrix's wife.

"Laptop" -- 

Where da grandkids sit.

"Software" -- 

Them plastic picnic utensils, eh?.

"Mainframe" -- 

Da part of da sauna that holds up da roof.

"Port" -- 

Where da commercial fishin boats dock.

"Random Access Memory" -- 

Whan you can't remember how much you spent on da new deer rifle when Wifee asks about it.

This is from an unknown source.

"Fonts" -- 

That really cool guy from the show, Happy Days.

"Laptop" -- 

Where the stripper sits.Knock-Knock.

Who's There?

Tank.

Tank Who?

You're Welcome!What did the tornado say to the pecan tree?  "Hold onto your nuts, this is not your average blow job!"

What has four hands and eats aunts?  Two uncles.

What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?  Usually an onion with long ears, but sometime you get a piece of ass that will make your eyes water.What's a Jewish dilemma?  A free ham sandwich.Q: What do you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other?
A: Eileen.

Q: What do you call a boy with one foot in the door?
A: Justin.

Q: What do you call a girl who gambles?
A: Betty.

Q: What do you call a girl with one foot on either side of the river?
A: Bridget.

Q: What do you call a man with a spade on his head?
A: Doug.

Q: What do you call a girl with only one pants leg?
A: Jean.

Q: What do you call a man who's a talented painter?
A: Art.

Q: What do you call a man with a car on his head?
A: Jack.

Q: What do you call a lady in the distance?
A: Dot.

Q: What do you call a girl with a frog on her head?
A: Lily.

Q: What do you call a man with numbers down his front?
A: Bill.

Q: What do you call a man in a pile of leaves?
A: Russel.

Q: What do you call a man with a rabbit on his head?
A: Warren.

Q: What do you call a man with a seagull on his head?
A: Cliff.

Q: What do you call a man who steals a lot?
A: Robin.Insider's Guide to the Male Vocabulary
 
''Haven't I seen you before?'' = ''Nice ass.'' 
''I'm a Romantic.'' = ''I'm poor.'' 
''I need you.'' = ''My hand is tired.'' 
''I am different from all the other guys.'' = ''I am not circumcised.'' 
''I want a commitment.'' = ''I'm sick of masturbation.'' 
''You're the only girl I've ever cared about.'' = ''You are the only girl who hasn't rejected me.'' 
''I really want to get to know you better.'' = ''So I can tell my friends about it.'' 
''It's just orange juice, try it.'' = ''3 more shots, and she'll have her legs around my head.'' 
''She's kinda cute.'' = ''I wouldn't kick her out of bed but a pillow over the head might be necessary.'' 
''I don't know if I like her.'' = ''She won't sleep with me.'' 
''I miss you so much.'' = ''I am so horny that my male roommate is starting to look good.'' 
''Was it good for you?'' = ''I'm insecure about my manhood.'' 
''How do I compare with all your other boyfriends?'' = ''Is my penis really that small?'' 
''I had a wonderful time last night.'' = ''Who the hell are you?'' 
''Do you love me?'' = ''I've done something stupid and you might find out.'' 
''Do you 'really' love me?'' = ''I've done something stupid and you're going to find out sooner or later.'' 
''How much do you love me?'' = ''I've done something really stupid and someone's on their way to tell you by now.'' 
''I have something to tell you.'' = ''Get tested.'' 
''I'll give you a call.'' = ''I'd rather have my nipples torn off by wild dogs than see you again.'' 
''I've been thinking a lot.'' = ''You're not as attractive as when I was drunk.'' 
''I think we should just be friends.'' = ''You're ugly.'' 
''I've learned a lot from you.'' = ''Next!'' 
''I'm on a long distance call, can you call me later?'' = ''I gotta turn on my answering machine.''Three men are fishing. One catches a magic fish that will grant each one a wish if they let him go.

The first one wishes he could double his IQ. It is done. 

The second one wishes to triple his IQ. It is done.

The last one (who is an idiot) wishes to multiply his IQ by a 1/2. The fish asks if he is sure; the man nods.

When the fish grants his wish, he turns into a blond.Actual bumper sticker on a jeep (the writing was upside down). "If you can read this, flip me over!"What has wheels and flies?

Answer: Garbage truckYou don't have to go faster than the bear, you just have to go faster than the slowest guy running from the bear.Symptom: Drinking fails to give satisfaction and taste; shirt front is wet. 
Fault: Mouth not open when drinking or glass being applied to wrong part of face. 
Solution: Buy another pint and practice in front of a mirror. Continue with as many pints as necessary until drinking technique is perfect. 

Symptom: Drinking fails to give satisfaction and taste; Beer unusually pale and clear. 
Fault: Glass is empty. 
Solution: Find someone who will buy you another pint. 

Symptom: Feet cold and wet. 
Fault: Glass being held at incorrect angle. 

Solution: Turn glass so that open end is pointing at ceiling. 

Symptom: Feet warm and wet. 
Fault: Loss of self-control. 
Solution: Go and stand beside nearest dog - After a while complain to its owner about its lack of house training. 

Symptom: Bar blurred. 
Fault: You are looking through the bottom of your empty glass. 
Solution: Find someone who will buy you another pint. 

Symptom: Bar swaying. 
Fault: Air turbulence unusually high - maybe due to darts match in progress. 
Solution: Insert broom handle down back of jacket. 

Symptom: Bar moving. 
Fault: You are being carried out. 
Solution: Find out if you are being taken to another bar - if not complain loudly that you are being hi-jacked. 

Symptom: The opposite wall is covered with ceiling tiles and has a fluorescent strip across it. 
Fault: You have fallen over backwards. 
Solution: If glass is still full, and no one is standing on your drinking arm, stay put. If not, get someone to lift you up and lash you to the bar. 

Symptom: Everything has gone dim and you have a mouth full of teeth and dog-ends. 
Fault: You have fallen over forwards. 
Solution: Same as for falling over backwards. 

Symptom: You have woken up to find your bed cold, hard and wet. You cannot see your bedroom walls or ceiling. 
Fault: You have spent the night in the gutter. 
Solution: Check your watch to see if it is opening time - if not treat yourself to a lie in. 

Symptom: Everything has gone dim. 
Fault: The pub is closing. 
Solution: PANIC !!!!!If Wile Coyote had enough money for all that Acme crap, why didn't he just buy dinner?

If there's an exception to every rule, is there an exception to that rule?

Why do we leave expensive cars in the driveway, when we keep worthless junk in the garage?

Why do they call it taking a dump? Shouldn't it be leaving a dump?

Why is it good to be a Daddy's girl, but bad to be a Momma's boy?

Aren't you tired of people asking you rhetorical questions and you don't know if they are rhetorical questions or not?

If a cow laughed real hard, would milk come out her nose?

Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car, he sticks his head out the window!

If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with, "Quit while you're ahead"?

If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call it Fed UP?The following diet has been circulated at one of the local clinics. Some may find it stimulating. 



BREAKFAST: 
--------- 
1/2 grapefruit 
1 slice whole wheat toast 
8 oz skim milk 

LUNCH: 
------ 
4 oz  lean Broiled chicken breast 
1 cup steamed zucchini 
1 Oreo Cookie 
Herb tea 

MID-AFTERNOON SNACK: 
------- 
Rest of package of Oreos 
1 qt. rocky road ice cream 
1 jar hot fudge 

DINNER: 
------- 
2 loaves garlic bread 
Large pepperoni & mushroom pizza 
Large pitcher beer (any brand - it all comes from the same horse, anyway) 
3 Milky Way bars 
Entire Sara Lee cheesecake - direct from freezer. 






DIET TIPS






If no one sees you eat it --- it has no calories. 

If you drink a diet soda with a candy bar they cancel each other out. 

When eating with someone else, calories don't count if you both eat the same amount. 

Food used for medicinal purposes NEVER counts such as: Hot Chocolate, Brandy, Toast and Sarah Lee cheesecake. 

If YOU fatten up EVERYONE ELSE around you--then YOU look thinner. 

Movie related foods don't count because they are simply part of the entire entertainment experience and not part of one's personal fuel, such as Milk Duds, popcorn with extra butter, and Junior Mints.Q. What are the strongest days of the week?

A. Saturday and Sunday, because all the rest are week days.Yo Momma is so poor, I saw her walking down the street with one shoe, and I said, "Hey, you lost a shoe." And she said, "No, I found one."Yo Momma is so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "Okay!"A man was walking in a rich neighborhood when he saw a lost dog ad. Part of the bottom line of the ad was torn by the weather, so all the man could see of the ad was 
                 LOST DOG
        IF FOUND CALL 555-5555
                   REWARD: 
    ALL OF MY FAMILY'S (blank blank blank)

Being as this was a rich neighborhood, the man assumed that the blank in the ad represented money. He was very excited at the thought of owning all of a rich family's money, so he very desperately searched for the dog.

After one week of desperate searching, the man found the missing dog and immidiately returned it to the family. A woman came to the door and excitedly said, "Thank goodness someone found our precious puppy!" and closed the door.

Quite confused, the man rang the doorbell again, where the same woman politely asked what the man wanted. "My reward," the man replied. She said, "Oh, yes. Sir, my family sends all of its thanks to you. That is all what it said on the ads as reward, so thank you and goodbye!"The Goriest, Scariest, Yuckiest Top 12 Things You Really Don't Want To See Written In Blood...

12) "Richard Hillman did it and------"
11) "Can you guess where your friends are?"
10) Your name signed on a Microsoft License Agreement
9) "Remember that kid you picked on during Junior Cert year..."
8) Your name on the bottom of a contract from Fianna Fail. (Irish government party) 
7) "See! I can spell! Yor next"
6) "Luke, I am your father."
5) "Where the feck are the Elastoplasts?"
4) Your overdue Visa bill
3) "Does anyone have a spare Tampax?"
2) "Did yez ever wonder what happened to the blood you donated?"
1) "Dude you're gettin' a Dell!"DORMITORY: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
DIRTY ROOM 

PRESBYTERIAN: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
BEST IN PRAYER 

ASTRONOMER: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
MOON STARER 

DESPERATION: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
A ROPE ENDS IT 

THE EYES: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
THEY SEE 

SLOT MACHINES: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
CASH LOST IN ME 

ANIMOSITY: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
IS NO AMITY 

ELECTION RESULTS: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
LIES - LET'S RECOUNT
 
ELEVEN PLUS TWO: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
TWELVE PLUS ONE

SNOOZE ALARMS: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
ALAS! NO MORE Z 'S 

A DECIMAL POINT: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
IM A DOT IN PLACE 

AND FINALLY...

MOTHER-IN-LAW: 
When you rearrange the letters: 
WOMAN HITLER1) Umm...
2) Well... 
3) Hmmm, er...
4)Save the trees - wipe your arse with an owl.

"My point-and-click interface is an Uzi submachine gun."

Saint Michael - patron saint of underpants

I'm an apathetic sociopath - I'd kill you if I cared.

I'm completely sane, according to the voices in my head.

My wife's an earth sign. I'm a water sign. Together we make mud.

Skiing is for people who can't just break their legs around the house.

Penguins mate for life. That doesn't surprise me much cos they all look alike.

Grammar has gots to be one of the most importantest things ever!

If I were a recovering s*x addict, I'd opt for group therapy.

"I hope I never do anything to bring shame on myself, my family or my other family."

"Secret": Something you tell to one person at a time.
"Tomorrow": One of the greatest labour saving devices of today.

Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and instead of bleeding, he sings.

My short-term memory ain't what it something something.

I am an I/O Error.* "On the advice of our solicitors, this T-shirt bears no message at this time".
* "That's it! I'm calling me granny" (seen on a seven-year-old)
* "Rehab is for quitters"
* "My dog can lick anyone"
* "Party - my cot - 2 a.m." (on a baby-size T-shirt)
* "If a woman's place is in the home WHY AM I ALWAYS IN THIS FECKIN' CAR!"
* "They call it 'PMT' cos 'Mad Cow Disease' was already taken"
* "A picture is worth a thousand words - but it uses up a thousand times the memory."
* "HAM AND EGGS - a day's work for a chicken; a lifetime commitment for a pig."
* "Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit."
* "The trouble with life is there's no background music."
* "The original point and click interface was a Smith & Wesson."
* "Two rights do not make a wrong. They make an airplane."
* "Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research."Walking by, a minister saw his 5-year-old son and playmates find a dead robin.

Feeling that proper burial should be performed, the children had secured a small box and cotton batting, then dug a hole and made ready for the disposal of the deceased.

The minister's son was chosen to say the appropriate prayers and with sonorous dignity intoned his version of what he thought his father always said: "Glory be unto the Faaaather, and unto the Sonnn... and into the hole he gooooes."A man and his love had a terrible spat:
She scratched his face and he knocked her flat;
She spat at him and he threw her around;
She jumped  from  behind and he fell to the ground.
How sad to see such trouble as that...

Between a man and his household cat!Yo momma so ugly her reflection quit.

Yo momma so old that when I slapped her back her boobs fell off.

Yo momma so fat when she stepped in the deepest part of the ocean, she got her foot wet.

Yo momma so old and fat, she told us about the story of how she farted and killed all the dinosaurs.When kids say:

The party is supervised = It's supervised by a grandparent who falls asleep most of the time.

I'm doing well in school = Oh crap, I need help.

It's okay, I don't need help = Get the heck away from me.


When men say:

Hi honey, how are you? = I've been cheating on you for the last 2 months, or, I cheated on you last night.

When women say:

I'm too tired to make dinner = Who do you think I am making dinner for you every night? Can't a woman take a frickin' break?Q: What did the little chick say when his mom laid an orange?

A: Look at the orange-mama-lade!aaaaaA neutron walks into a bar and asks, "How much for a drink?".

The bartender replies, "For you, no charge".My wife who is blonde came running up to me in the driveway the other day, just jumping for joy! I didn't know why she was jumping for joy but I thought, what the heck and I starting jumping up and down along with her. 

She said, "Honey, I have some really great news for you!" I said, "Great. Tell me what you're so happy about." She stopped jumping and was breathing heavily from all the jumping up and down, when she told me that she was pregnant! I was ecstatic! We had been trying for a while, so I grabbed her and kissed her on the lips and told her, "That's great! I couldn't be happier!"

Then, she said "Oh, honey, there's more." I asked, "What do you mean 'more'?" She said, "Well, we are not having just one baby. We are going to have TWINS!" Amazed at how she could know so soon after getting pregnant, I asked her how she knew. She said, "Well, that was the easy part. I went to Wal-Mart and bought the twin-pack home pregnancy test kit and both tests came out positive!"Annoy People 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  Pay tolls with $100 bills 

2.  Leave your supermarket cart on the street or in the middle of the parking lot 

3.  Eat produce at the market; don't buy it 

4.  When giving directions, leave out a turn or two 

5.  Leave the outdoor Christmas decorations up until March or April 

6.  Before exiting the elevator, push all the buttons 

7.  Knock and ask "How is it going?" to someone constipated in a public bathroom stall. 

8.  Develop at least three strategies for cutting into the front of lines 

9.  Announce when you're going to the bathroom 

10.  Chew other people's pencils 

11.  Invite lots of people to other people's parties. 

12.  Wear large hats during the movies 

13.  Touch strangers 

14.  Tell little children the truth about Santa Claus 

15.  Bite your dentist's finger 

16.  Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times. 

18.  Leave lipstick prints on people's cheeks and foreheads 

19.  Don't stand during hymns and anthems 

20.  Dance fast to slow music and vice-versa 

21.  Tell people they have bad breath 

22.  Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance. 

23.  Flirt with a friend's spouse 

24.  Sit in the home bleachers and cheer for the other team 

25.  Shake with your left hand 

26.  Use the quote bunnies after every other word you say when talking to someone. 

27.  Adjust the tint on your tv so that all the people are green, and insist to others that you "like it that way". 

28.  Drum on every available surface. 

29.  Staple papers in the middle of the page. 

30.  Specify that your drive-through order is "to go". 

31.  Honk and wave to strangers. 

32.  Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange. 

33.  Change channels five minutes before the end of every show. 

34.  Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their complementary mints by the cash register. 

35.  Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole streets. 

36.  Pay for your dinner with pennies. 

37.  Tie jingle bells to all your clothes. 

38.  Repeat everything someone says, as a question. 

39.  Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles. 

40.  Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day. 

41.  Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think." 

Annoy Cops 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

42.  Say out loud when he/she approaches you "You're not gonna check the trunk, are you?" 

43.  Ask to see his gun. 

44.  When he's telling you what you did wrong, start repeating him, quietly. 

45.  Say out loud "Hey, you must've been doin' about 125 mph to keep up with me! Good job!" 

46.  Slap his hand and say "Bad cop! No donut!" 

47.  When he frisks you, say "You missed a spot", and grin. 

48.  After every other sentence oink like a pig quietly to yourself but loud enough for him to hear you. 

49.  Refer to him by his first name. 

50. When he comes up to the car, say "License and registration, please" right when he says it. 

Annoy Your roomate 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

51. Smoke weed. Do whatever comes naturally. 

52. Switch the sheets on your beds while s/he is at class. 

53. Twitch a lot when you guys eat dinner. 

54. Pretend to talk while pretending to be asleep. 

55. Steal a fishtank. Fill it with beer and dump sardines in it. Talk to them. 

56. Ask him/her to do you a favor and get you a drink, then when they bring it, slowly pour it on the floor. 

57. Clip your toenails while watching a movie or eating dinner. 

58. Learn to levitate. While your roommate is looking away, float up out of your seat. When s/he turns to look, fall back down and grin. 

59. Speak in tongues. 

60. Move you roommate's personal effects around. Start subtlely. Gradually work up to big things, and eventually glue everything s/he owns to the ceiling. 

61. Walk and talk backwards. 

62. Spend all your money on Jolt Cola. Drink it all. Stack the cans in the middle of your room. Number them. 

63. Spend all your money on Transformers. Play with them at night. If your roommate says anything, tell him/her with a straight face, "They're more than meets the eye." 

64. Recite entire movie scripts (e.g."The Road Warrior," "Repo Man," Casablanca,") almost inaudibly. 

65. Kill roaches with a monkey wrench while playing Wagnerian arias on a kazoo. If your roommate complains, explain that it is for your performance at art class (or hit him/her with the wrench). 

66. Collect all your urine in a small jug. 

67. Chain yourself to your roommate's bed. Get him/her to bring you food. 

68. Get a computer. Leave it on when you are not using it. Turn it off when you are. 

69. Ask your roommate if your family can move in "just for a couple of weeks." 

70. Buy as many back issues of Field and Stream as you can. Pretend to masturbate while reading them. 

71. Fake a heart attack. When your roommate gets the paramedics to come, pretend nothing happened. 

72. Eat glass. 

73. Smoke ballpoint pens. 

74. Smile. All the time. 

75. Collect dog shit in baby food jars. Sort them according to what you think the dog ate. 

76. Burn all your waste paper while eying your roommate suspiciously. 

77. Hide a bunch of potato chips and Ho Hos in the bottom of a trash can.
When you get hungry, root around in the trash. Find the food, and eat it. If your roommate empties the trash before you get hungry, demand that s/he reimburse you. 

78. Leave a declaration of war on your roommate's desk. Include a list of grievances. 

79. Paste snot on the windows in occult patterns. 

80. Shoot rubber bands at your roommate while his/her back is turned, and then look away quickly. 

81. Dye all your underwear lime green. 

82. Spill a lot of beer on his/her bed. Swim. 

83. Bye three loaves of stale bread. Grow mold in the closet. 

84. Hide your underwear and socks in your roommate's closet. Accuse him/her of stealing it. 

85. Remove your door. Ship it to your roommate's parents (postage due). 

86. Pray to Azazoth or Zoroaster. Sacrifice something nasty. 

87. Whenever your roommate walks in, wait one minute and then stand up.
Announce that you are going to take a shower. Do so. Keep this up for three weeks. 

88. Array thirteen toothbrushes of different colors on your dresser. Refuse to discuss them. 

89. Paint your half of the room black. Or paisley. 

90. Whenever he/she is about to fall asleep, ask questions that start with "Didja ever wonder why...." Be creative. 

91. Shave one eyebrow. 

92. Put your mattress underneath your bed. Sleep down under there and pile your dirty clothes on the empty bedframe. If your roommate comments, mutter "Gotta save space," twenty times while twitching violently. 

93. Put horseradish in your shoes. 

94. Shelve all your books with the spines facing the wall. Complain loudly that you can never find the book that you want. 

95. Always flush the toilet three times. 

96. Subsist entirely on pickles for a week. Vomit often. 

97. Buy a copy of Frankie Yankovic's "Pennsylvania Polka," and play it at least 6 hours a day. If your roommate complains, explain that it's an assignment for your primitive cultures class. 

98. Give him/her an allowance. 

99. Listen to radio static. 

100. Open your window shades before you go to sleep each night. Close them as soon as you wake up. 

101. Wear sunglasses at night. Bump into things often. Swear loudly. 


Annoy your examiner during a Driver's Test 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

102.  Turn the radio on. When the testor goes to turn it off slap his/her hand. 

103.  Beep your horn at everything. 

104.  When you stop at a light, start revving the engine while looking back and forth between the person next to you and the light 

105.  Get in the car, look down at the pedals, and say, "now which one is the gas again?" 

106.  After the examiner gets in the car, pop the hood, and get out and check the oil. 

107.  Fill your car with beer bottles. 

108.  The whole time driving, talk about how Aunt Gertrude smells like mothballs. 

109.  In the middle of driving, put your arm around the examiner. 

110.  Swear at everybody on the road. 

111.  Break off your rear-view mirror and then ask the examiner to hold it up.About four or five years ago I was standing in a ticket line at LAX, and a fellow in a line parallel to mine had a golf bag slung over his shoulder. Since the line was long and airline ticketing is a slow process at best, we struck up a conversation. He brightened when I admired his golf bag, and he proudly stated that he was on the PGA Tour. Then he turned to me and asked the question all golfers ask: "Do you play?"

 I shook my head, "I used to, but I quit because I wasn't very good. I shot consistently in the low seventies."

 There was a long, low in-take of breath, then "The low seventies?"

 "Yes," I admitted.

 "Consistently?" he queried admiringly.

 "Every hole," I confessed.The most unfair thing about life is the way it ends. I mean, life is tough. It takes up a lot of your time.

What do you get at the end of it? A death. What's that, a bonus? I think the life cycle is all backwards.

You should die first, get it out of the way. Then you live in an old age home.

You get kicked out when you're too young, you get a gold watch, you go to work. You work forty years until you're young enough to enjoy your retirement.

You do drugs, alcohol, you party, you get ready for high school.

You go to grade school, you become a kid, you play, you have no responsibilities, you become a little baby, you go back into the womb, you spend your last nine months floating...

You finish off as an orgasm.A wife was making a breakfast of fried eggs for her husband. Suddenly her husband burst into the kitchen. "Careful ... CAREFUL!! Put in some more butter!! Oh my Gosh!! You're cooking too many at once. TOO MANY!!

Turn them!! TURN THEM NOW!! We need more butter. Oh my Gosh!! WHERE are we going to get MORE BUTTER?! They're going to STICK!! Careful ... CAREFUL!! I said be CAREFUL!! You NEVER listen to me when you're cooking! Never!! Turn them! HURRY UP!! Are you CRAZY? Have you lost your mind?

Don't forget to salt them. You know you always forget to salt them. Use the salt. USE THE SALT! THE SALT!!"

The wife stared at him. "What the &^%$&^% is wrong with you? You think I don't know how to fry a couple of eggs?"

The husband calmly replied, "I just wanted to show you what it feels like when I'm driving".These two guys had both just gotten divorced, and they swore they would never have anything to do with women again.

They were best friends, and they decided to move up to Alaska as far north as they could go, and never look at a woman again.

They got up there and went into a trader's store and told him, "Give us enough supplies to last two men for one year."

The trader got the gear together and on top of each one's supplies he laid a board with a hole in it, with fur around the hole.

The guys said "What's that board for?"

The trader said, "Well, where you're going there are no women and you might need this."

They said "No way! We've sworn off women for life!" The trader said, "Well, take the boards with you and if you don't use them I'll refund your money next year."

"Okay," they said and left.

Next year this guy came into the trader's store and said "Give me enough supplies to last one man for one year."

The trader said, "Weren't you in here last year with a partner?"

"Yeah," said the guy.

"Where is he?" asked the trader.

"I shot him," said the guy.

"Why?"

"I caught him in bed with my board."1. M.U.D.D.- Must use Drugs Daily
2. A.D.I.D.A.S.-All day I Dream About Sex
3. P.M.S.- Pretty Mean Stuff
4. F.B.I. Federal Beauro of Idiots
5. C.I.A.-Clueless Idiots Agency
6. N.C.I.S.-Neurologically Challenged Imbocil Society
7. P.h.D. Pretty Happy Dyke
8. U.C.L.A. Unidentified Cunt Lickers Anonymous
9. A.R.A. Agency- Anti Redundancy Agency
10. N.R.A.- Never Redundant AgencyOne day a father and his daughter were driving down the street when the father said, "Look! A bunny. Can you say bunny, bu-nny?" 

"Bunny!" the daughter replied.

They suddenly felt the car go over a bump.

Then the girl said, " Daddy, its not a bunny anymore." 

"What is it then?" he asked. 

The daughter replied, "Can you say roadkill, road-kill?"A blonde went to her regular plastic surgion one day. When she walked in, he said to her, "What more can I do for you? I have changed your every part of your body that you could think of! I even did your ears!" 

She replied, "Well, this is kind of embarrasing for me say out loud." 

The plastic surgion, curious to know what the blonde wanted done, asked, "What is it? You can trust me. 

She answered shyly. "This morning, while I was looking in the mirror, I noticed that my butt had a huge crack down the middle and i was wondering if you could get me a new one that isn't broken."A blonde went to the eye doctor one day. She complained to the doctor that she couldn't see and was having a hard time driving because of this. He then told her that she would need glasses. The blond knowing that the glasses would cost a couple of hundred dollars decided to save her money because she remembered she had some at home. She then told the doctor that she had a pair. He said, "OK, wear them all the time." The blonde left and went home. She called the doctor and told him she couldn't see so he scheduled an appointment and told her to bring her glasses so he could see them. The next day the blond came in holding up two drinking glasses to her eyes and told the doctor "I had a hard time driving over here because my hands were all tied up."A policeman was on duty when he got a complaint, so he went to go check it out. The complaint was that a sport car had not moved from a corner and was holding up traffic. When he got there, he went to the car and asked the blonde lady in it why she was holding up traffic and not going. She responded well the sign told me to stop but it doesn't want to let me go.What' did the bra say to the hat?

You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.A man is driving down a country road, when he spots a male farmer standing in the middle of a huge field of grass. Of course the farmer is a blond. :)

He pulls the car over to the  side of the road and notices that the farmer is just standing there, doing nothing, looking at nothing.

The man gets out of the car, walks all the way out to the farmer and asks him, "Er... excuse me mister, but what are you doing?"

The farmer replies, "I'm trying to win a Nobel Prize."

"How?" asks the man, puzzled.

"Well, I heard they give the Nobel Prize to people who are out standing in their field!"Yo momma so stupid, she looked in the Cd player for her cassette tape!If you can run and play any sport while wearing chanclas.... 

MEXICAN... 

If your late Tio left you a van and you turned it into a taco vending business,   

Yes, you're a Mexican. 

If you pronounce words beginning with the letter "S" by putting an "E" in front of it, 

(estop instead of stop),   

big time Mexican. 

If you call a chair, a sher, you got it....   

Mexican. 

If you have ever hurt yourself and your mamacita rubbed the area while chanting,   

"Sana, Sana, Colita de rana....."   

You're Mexican, big time!!! 

If you have your last name in old English lettering anywhere on your 

car, truck, or tattooed on your back,   

Yes!! you ARE a Mexican (proud one too!) 

If you refer to your wife as your ruca, your hina, your wifa, your old lady, 

or your vieja, guess what?   

Not only are you a Mexican, you're a cholo... 

If you throw a "Grito" everytime you hear Vicente Fernandez, 

then not only are you a Mexican, you are a drunk Mexican. 

If you have ever been pinched in church and been told 

"pobrecito de ti si lloras" or "vas a ver orita que salgamos" 

Yes, you're definitely a Mexican. 

If you grew up being called "chamaca or chamaco" .... 

Mexican. 

If you grew up scared of La Llorona or with a fear of the dark because of El Cucuy, 

Yes! Mexican! 

Si te persinas with a lotto ticket in your hand before every drawing. 

You're in the Mexican Zone!!! 

If you ask for something by "dame esa chingadera" instead of calling it by its name, 

Yup! Mexican! 

If you constantly refer to cereal as "con fleys" or cake as "kay-ke", 

You're Mexican! 

If you use manteca instead of vegetable oil and can't figure out why your butt is getting bigger..... 

You ARE a Mexican. 

If you have some Tias that dress up in their prom dresses to go to a birthday party at "el parque", 

You are a Mexican. 

If your Tias and Abuela dress up in their Sunday best with heels and all to go to the "pulga."(AKA the Flea Market)   

Then, yes, you are a Mexican. 

If most of the houses on your block are painted bright pink, mint green and lavendar, 

Mexican! 

If you use the bushes in front of your house, the fence or the top of an old car to dry laundry, 

Yes, you're a Mexican. 

If you're congested and your mamacita rubbed "Bicks",   

you're Mexican. 

IF YOU DON'T NEED ANY EXPLANATIONS FOR ANY OF THE ABOVE, YOU KNOW THAT 

YOU ARE A TRUE MEXICAN.There was a Mexican family living in Mexico. The father of the family wasn't making very much money and he decided that he and his family were going to move to America in order to live a better life, so the family moved to America.

The Mexican man didn't found a job there, and his family was starving, so he went outside, climbed a hill, and bent down under a pine tree to pray for God to help his family get through their situation. 

While he was praying, a black man was coming out of a grocery store on top of the hill. He had a sack in one hand with a wheel of cheese in it. The bag was heavy, and right as the Mexican man was getting up from praying, the bag broke and the wheel of cheese rolled down the hill.

The Mexican man saw it, picked it up, and ran non-stop to his home. He gave it to his wife and told her to make nacho cheese out of it. His wife said, "Well, why can't we make something else out of it?" and he said, "Cause all the way home God was tellin' me, that's nacho cheese, that's nacho cheese!"A young girl had just begun to go to a new Christian church group.
She had been going for a couple of weeks now, and at one session their leaders were talking about when they found Jesus in their lives.
One of her leaders had started saying: "When I was your age, I had just gotten Jesus in my life."
She replied, "Well, how long has it been that you have had Jesus in your life?"
He replied, "35 years of my life."
Then she said,"God Damn, that's a long time"I went to a seafood disco last week and pulled a mussel.If you want to make someone laugh, use this line:
 
Sorry. say that again. I couldn't hear you over my fart.One time there was 2 rednecks Bob and John. They were best friends. Bob had just gone bankrupt so he asked John if he could move in with him. Now John didn't have a big house like Bob use to have but agreed to let him stay there till he got out of bankruptcy. The next day when Bob moved in, while at dinner Bob said: "John you know what?" John said:"What is it Bob?" "I thought my house was shitty. Then i came to yours."How do you know Adam wasnt black?
Have you ever tried to take a rib away from a black man?

How do you know when Mexicans are illegal?
When you scream "La Migra", and everybody is gone in less than a minute.

How do you know when a white guy's family is really white?
When he tries to be black or mexican.One night an 87 year old woman came home from Bingo to find her 92 year old husband in bed with another woman. She became violent and ended up pushing him off the balcony of their 20th floor assisted living apartment, killing him instantly.

She was brought before the court on a charge of murder. The judge asked her if she had anything to say in her defense. She began coolly, "Yes, your honor, I figured that at 92, if he could have sex... he could fly!"Why did the coach go to the bank?


To get his quarter back!1.Your tires cost more than your car.
2.You have a motor hanging out of your tree.
3.Your trailer house tires work but your car tires don't.
5.You write the girl of your dreams name on the tower and then the sheriff makes you take your sisters name off of it.
6.You call your undies britches.
7.The whole town is related to you.
8.You got more trailers than cars.
9.You kill your sisters boyfriends because they're trying to take her away from you.
10. Your haven't had "School learning" because you don't now how to count. 
(You missed that there was no number 4.)

Credit to BLUE COLLAR TVA man comes home from work one day and he says to his wife, "Honey, I got a new secretary, and imagine what happened! She's got a red and white bra. You know, these are the colors of my favorite football team. Anyway, it's not a big deal but it feels good."

The next day when he came home his wife asks, "How was your day?"

The man say, "Fantastic! It's not only her bra that is red and white but also her panties. You know it's not a big deal but it really feels good!"

The third day he comes home after work and now the man asks his wife, "And what happened today in your office, honey?"

She says, "Oh, nothing special, sweetheart. I got a new boss today. His dick is two inches longer than yours. You know it's not a big deal but hell, it feels good!"Q: What does Donald Trump say before he lights off a fire work?

A:You`re fired!We have all had bad dates, but this takes the cake. This just tells you how tough it is to be single nowadays. This was on the "Tonight Show" with Jay Leno. Jay went into the audience to find the most embarrassing first date that a woman ever had. The winner described her worst first date experience. There absolutely no question as to why her tale took the prize! 

She said it was midwinter, snowing and quite cold; and the guy had taken her skiing to Lake Arrowhead. It was a day trip (no overnight). They were strangers, after all, and truly had never met before. The outing was fun but relatively uneventful until they were headed home late that afternoon. They were driving back down the mountain, when she gradually began to realize that she should not have had that extra latte. 

They were about an hour away from anywhere with a rest room and in the middle of nowhere! Her companion suggested she try to hold it, which she did for a while. Unfortunately, because of the heavy snow and slow going, there came a point where she told him that he had better stop and let her pee beside the road, or it would be the front seat of his car. They stopped and she quickly crawled out beside the car, yanked her pants down and started. Unfortunately, in the deep snow she didn't have good footing, so she let her butt rest against the rear fender to steady herself. Her companion stood on the side of the car watching for traffic and indeed was a real gentleman and refrained from peeking. 

All she could think about was the relief she felt despite the rather embarrassing nature of the situation. Upon finishing however, she soon became aware of another sensation. As she bent to pull up her pants, the young lady discovered her buttocks were firmly glued against the car's fender. Thoughts of tongues frozen to pump handles immediately came to mind as she attempted to disengage her flesh from the icy metal. It was quickly apparent that she had a brand new problem due to the extreme cold.

Horrified by her plight and yet aware of the humor she answered her date's concerns about "what is taking so long?" with a reply that indeed, she was "freezing her butt off and in need of some assistance"! He came around the car as she tried to cover herself with her sweater and then, as she looked imploringly into his eyes, he burst out laughing. She too, got the giggles and when they finally managed to compose themselves, they assessed her dilemma. Obviously, as hysterical as the situation was, they also were faced with a real problem. 

Both agreed it would take something hot to free her chilly cheeks from the grip of the icy metal! Thinking about what had gotten her into the predicament in the first place, both quickly realized that there was only one way to get her free. So, as she looked the other way, her first-time date proceeded to unzip his pants and pee her butt off the fender. As for the Tonight Show; she took the prize hands down - or perhaps that should be "pants down." And you thought your first date was embarrassing. Jay Leno's comment? This gives a whole new meaning to being "pissed off."Once in medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of bored after dinner one night. He decided to hold a contest of who at the court had the mightiest "Weapon".

The first knight stood up and proclaimed that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5 pound weight around it. The weapon doth rose.

The crowds cheered...the women swooned...the children waved multi-colored banners...and the band played appropriate music.

Another knight stood up and yelled that he had the mightiest weapon. He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself. The weapon doth rose. 

The crowds cheered...the women swooned...the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band played appropriate music.

After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...the King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a 30 pound, but a 40 pound weight to himself. The weapon doth rose.

The crowds cheered...the women swooned...the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."A bright young executive had just been hired as the new CEO of a large high tech firm. The CEO who was stepping down met with him privately and handed him three numbered envelopes.

"Open these if you run up against a problem you don't think you can handle," he said.

Well, things went along pretty smoothly, but six months later, sales took a nosedive and he was really catching a lot of heat from the board. At wit's end, he remembered the envelopes. He went to his drawer and took out the first envelope. The message
read, "Blame your predecessor."

The new CEO called a press conference and tactfully laid the blame at the feet of the previous CEO. Satisfied with his comments, the board, the press, and Wall Street responded positively, sales picked up, stock prices rose and the problem was soon behind him.

About a year later, the company was again experiencing a slight dip in sales, combined with serious problems getting new product to market. Having learned from his previous experience, the CEO wasted no time in opening the second envelope. The message read, "Reorganize." This he did, and again the company quickly rebounded.

After several consecutive profitable quarters, the
company once again fell on difficult times. The CEO went to his office, closed the door and opened the third envelope. The simple message said: 

"Prepare three envelopes..."During a recent vacation in Atlantic City, a couple went to see a popular magic show. After one especially amazing feat, a woman from the back of the theater yelled out,  "Hey, how'd you do that?"

"I could tell you, madam," the magician answered, "But then I'd have to kill you."

After a short pause, she yelled back, "Ok, then... Just tell my husband!"yo mamma so fat that her nickname is you gonna eat thatTwo redneck airplane mechanics named Jim Bob and Jeb work at the Atlanta airport. 

Atlanta gets fogged in one night and nothing can take off or land so Jim Bob and Jeb have nothing to do. 

After work Jim Bob and Jeb usally have a drink on their way home, so Jim Bob says to Jeb, "I heard that you can get a buzz off drinking jet fuel." Since they have nothing better to do, they decide to try it. 

The next morning Jim Bob calls Jeb and asks, "How are you feeling?" 

Jeb says, "Fine, never felt better."

Jim Bob asks, "Do you have a hangover?"

Jeb says "no." Then he says, "Wow this is great! We can drink all we want and not get a hangover." 

Then Jim Bob says, "Well, there is one side effect, have you farted yet?" 

Jeb says, "No, why?"

Jim Bob says, "I'm calling you from Detroit!"I thought Graceland was tacky.

No kids in the back of the pick-up, it's not safe. 

Do you think my hair is too big? 

Honey, did you mail that donation to Greenpeace? 

The tires on that truck are too big. 

I've got it all on a floppy disk. 

Do you think this baseball cap goes with this shirt? 

Damned if that politician ain't honest! 

We're vegetarians. I'll have grapefruit instead of biscuits and gravy.

You can't feed that to the dog. 

Trim the fat off that steak. 

I just love the opera. 

Cappuccino tastes better than espresso. 

Wrasslin's fake.If you were orphaned when you were a child, I feel sorry for you, but not for your parents. 

If you don't want to give people a bad name, you will have your children illegitimately. 

Is your name Laryngitis? You're a pain in the neck. 

Is your name Dan Druff? You get into people's hair. 

I hear you pick your friends -- to pieces!! 

I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it. 

They say that two heads are better than one. In your case, one would have been better than none. 

You should toss out more of your funny remarks; that's all they're good for. 

People can't say that you have absolutely nothing! After all, you have inferiority! 

You must have a low opinion of people if you think they're your equals. 

I wish you were all here. I don't like to think there is more! 

If we were to kill everybody who hates you, it wouldn't be murder; it would be genocide!Sometime after Sidney died, his widow, Tillie, was finally able to speak about what a thoughtful and wonderful man her late husband had been.

"Sidney thought of everything," she told them. "Just before he died, Sidney called me to his bedside. He handed me three envelopes.

`Tillie,' he told me, 'I have put all my last wishes in these three envelopes. After I am dead, please open them and do exactly as I have instructed. Then I can rest in peace'."

"What was in the envelopes?" her friends asked.

"The first envelope contained $5,000 with a note, 'Please use this money to buy a nice casket.' So I bought a beautiful mahogany casket with such a comfortable lining that I know Sidney is resting very comfortably.

"The second envelope contained $10,000 with a note, 'Please use this for a nice funeral.' I arranged Sidney a very dignified funeral and bought all his favorite foods for everyone attending."

"And the third envelope?" asked her friends.

"The third envelope contained $25,000 with a note, 'Please use this to buy a nice stone.'

Holding her hand in the air, Tillie said, "So, do you like my stone?" showing off her ten carat diamond ring...Q: How do you sink a canadian submarine?

A: You swim underneath it and knock on the doorYou can be sure someone is an idiot when he/she:

Spends twenty minutes looking at an orange juice box because it said concentrate.

Puts lipstick on their forhead because he wanted to makeup his mind.

Gets stabbed in a shoot-out.

Sends a fax with a stamp on it.

Was on the corner giving out potato chips yellin' "Free Lays!"

Tries to drown a fish.

If you gave them a penny for their intelligence, you'd get
change.

Thinks socialism means partying.

Trips over a cordless phone.

Takes a rule to bed to see how long they slept.

At the bottom of the application where it says "Sign Here" he put Sagittarius."

Takes 2 hours to watch 60 minutes.

Studies for a blood test and fails.

Invents a solar powered flashlight.

Sells the car for gas money.

Heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, he moves.

Misses the 44 bus, and takes the 22 bus twice instead.

Takes you to the airport and saw a sign that said "Airport
left", he turned around and went homeI sent flowers to someone who was moving to Florida for a job promotion. I also sent flowers the same day to a funeral for a friend.
 
I found out later that the flower shop got the cards mixed up. They sent the card to the guy who was moving that said, "Deepest Condolences," and sent the card to the funeral home that said, "I know it's hot where you're going, but you deserve it."A mother complained to a doctor about her daughter's
strange eating habits. "All day long she lies in bed
and eats yeast and car wax. What will happen to her?"

"Don't worry," said the doctor. "Eventually, she'll
rise and shine.Yo momma so fat, she tripped on 4th Ave. and she landed on 12th!It's time once again to consider the candidates for the annual Stella Awards. The Stella's are named after 81-year-old Stella Liebeck who spilled coffee on herself and successfully sued McDonalds. That case inspired the Stella Awards for the most frivolous successful lawsuits in the United States.

The following are this year's candidates:

1. Kara Walton of Claymont, Delaware, successfully sued the owner of a nightclub in a neighboring city when she fell from the bathroom window to the floor and knocked out her two front teeth. This occurred while Ms. Walton was trying to sneak through the window in the ladies room to avoid paying the $3.50 cover charge. She was awarded $12,000 and dental expenses.

2. Jerry Williams of Little Rock, Arkansas, was awarded $14,500 and medical expenses after being bitten on the buttocks by his next-door neighbor's beagle. The beagle was on a chain in its owner's fenced yard. The award was less than sought because the jury felt the dog might have been just a little provoked at the time by Mr. Williams who was shooting it repeatedly with a pellet gun.

3. A 19-year-old Carl Truman of Los Angeles won $74,000 and medical expenses when his neighbor ran over his hand with a Honda Accord. Mr. Truman apparently didn't notice there was someone at the wheel of the car when he was trying to steal his neighbor's hub caps.

4. A Philadelphia restaurant was ordered to pay Amber Carson of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, $113,500 a! after she slipped on a soft drink spill and broke her coccyx (tailbone). The beverage was on the floor because Ms. Carson had thrown it at her boyfriend 30 seconds earlier during an argument.

5. Terrence Dickson of Bristol, Pennsylvania, was leaving a house he had just finished robbing by way of the garage. He was not able to get the garage door to go up since the automatic door opener was malfunctioning. He couldn't reenter the house because the door connecting the house and garage locked when he pulled it shut. The family was on vacation, and Mr. Dickson found himself locked in the garage for eight days. He subsisted on a case of Pepsi he found and a large bag of dry dog food. He sued the homeowner's insurance claiming the situation caused him undue mental anguish. The jury agreed to the tune of $500,000.

6. A jury of her peers awarded Kathleen Robertson of Austin, Texas, $780,000 after breaking her ankle by tripping over a toddler who was running inside a furniture store. The owners of the store were understandably surprised at the verdict, considering the misbehaving little toddler was Ms. Robertson's son.

7. This year's favorite could easily be Mr. Merv Grazinski of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Mr. Grazinski purchased a brand new 32-foot Winnebago motor home. On his first trip home, having driven onto the freeway, he set the cruise control at 70 mph and calmly left the drivers seat to go into the back and make himself a cup of coffee. Not surprisingly, the R.V. left the freeway, crashed and overturned. Mr. Grazinski sued Winnebago for not advising him in the owner's manual that he couldn't actually do this. The jury awarded him $1,750,000 plus a new motor home. The company actually changed their manuals on the basis of this suit, just in case there were any other complete morons buying their recreation vehicles.One dog said to her pups, "Don't ever bite the hand that feeds you. Any other hand is ok, though."A boy walked up to a man and asked, "Hey mister, wanna donate to the WE NEED HELP children's fund?" the man said, "No, but I will donate a pack of listerine bottles because I hope all of the kids' breath don't smell as bad as yours!"

(real life situation)God was missing for six days. Eventually, Michael, the archangel, found him, resting on the seventh day. He inquired of God. "Where have you been?"
God sighed a deep sigh of satisfaction, and proudly pointed downwards through the clouds, "Look, Michael. Look what I've made."
Archangel Michael looked puzzled, and said, "What is it?"
"It's a planet," replied God, 
"and I've put Life on it. I'm going to call it Earth and it's going to be a great place of balance."
"Balance?" inquired Michael, still confused.
God explained, pointing to different parts of earth.  "For example, northern Europe will be a place of great opportunity and wealth, while  southern Europe is going to be poor. Over there I've placed a continent of white people, and over there is a continent of black people. Balance in all things," 
God continued pointing to different countries. "This one will be extremely hot, while this one will be very cold and covered in ice."
The Archangel, impressed by God's work, then pointed to a land area and said, "What's that one?"
"Ah," said God "That's Washington State, the most glorious place on earth. There are beautiful mountains, rivers and streams, lakes, forests, hills, plains, and coulees. The people from Washington State are going to be handsome, modest, intelligent, and humorous, and they are going to be found traveling the world. They will be extremely sociable, hardworking, high achieving, and they will be known throughout the world as diplomats, and carriers of peace."
Michael gasped in wonder and admiration, but then proclaimed, "What about balance, God? You said there would be balance."
God smiled, then said, "There is another Washington... wait until you see the idiots I put there!"A little girl is helping her mommy with the dishes when she notices that some of her hairs are gray. She asks her mom, 
"Why are some of your hairs gray?" 
The mom replies cleverly, "Whenever you make me cry or lie to me, one of my hairs turn gray."  The girl thinks for a minute, and then asks, 
"Is that why all Grandma's hairs are gray?"Q: Where is Spiderman's home page?
A: On the world wide web.

Q: Why is Superman stupid?
A: Because he wears his underwear over his pants.

Q: Why is Batman more stupid?
A: Because he wears his underwear over his pants and puts on a belt over his underwear.

Q: Why is Robin even more stupid?
A: Because he followed what batman did.

Q: Why is Wonder Woman stupid?
A: Because she wears a belt on her head.

Q: Why is Spiderman the most stupid superhero of them all?
A: Because he wears his underwear over his head.A man walked into a lawyer's office and inquired about the lawyer's rates.

"Fifty dollars for three questions," replied the lawyer. 

"Isn't that awfully steep?" asked the man. 

"Yes," the lawyer replied, "and what is your third question?"You know you're ghetto when you carry food stamps in a money clip!There were three men at a bar. One man got drunk and started a fight with the other two men. The police came and took the drunk guy to jail. The next day the man went before the judge. The judge asked the man, "Where do you work?" 
The man said, "Here and there." 
The judge asked the man, "What do you do for a living?" 
The man said, "This and that." 
The judge then said, "Take him away." 
The man said, "Wait, judge when will I get out?" 
The judge said to the man, "Sooner or later."Men can't pack a bag. 
Men wouldn't be caught dead wearing red velvet. 

Men would feel their masculinity is threatened... having to be seen with all those elves. 

Men don't answer their mail. 

Men would refuse to allow their physique to be described, even in jest, as anything remotely resembling a "bowlful of jelly." 

Men aren't interested in stockings unless somebody's wearing them. 

Having to do the "Ho, Ho, Ho," thing would seriously inhibit their ability to pick up women. 

Finally, being responsible for Christmas would require a commitment.A young doctor went to look at a practice that was up for sale in a very remote part of West Virginia. It looked perfect with a comfortable house, fully equipped lab, and lovely gardens.

The old doctor even quoted a very affordable price. "This looks great," said the young doctor. "I just can't figure out how you're able to have such a nice set up with so few people to practice on.

"It's just simple common sense, and a strong work ethic," replied the older medico. "For example, most folks around here take a couple weeks off for a vacation every year. My wife and I, however, spend the time at home, gardening and putting things in order. Our herb garden gives us a huge harvest because of that, so we mix the herbs and boil them up for my secret tonic."

"But that doesn't explain this fine house and all this land," said the younger man.

The elder doc replied, "That's where going that extra bit pays off. I run into my patients at church, at the store, whatever, right after they get back from their vacations. I tell them they don't look too good, and they usually say that their vacation took a lot out of them."

He continued, "I'll agree with them, then invite them to stop around to my office for some of my old fashioned tonic, and at ten bucks a bottle, it can add up really fast!

"Of course, that's just the beginning. A few weeks after a patient buys the tonic, I comment on how much better they're looking, so that they feel like the tonic is working. Then I have them stop by the office for a complete physical exam, just to make sure everything is alright.

"I also tell them to bring in a specimen, and this way I get my bottles back!"A nun had to use the bathroom, so she went into a bar, the first place she could find.  She noticed that every time the lights went out, everybody cheered.  
   She went up to the bartender and asked him why.  He said she would be better off not knowing, so she asked where the bathroom is.  He gave her directions.
   When she got there she saw a big naked statue with a fig leaf covering you-know-where.
    When she exited the bathroom everybody cheered.  She asked the bartender why, and he replied,"Every time someone lifts the fig leaf, the lights go out."This Is A True Story, It Really Happened

An elderly lady did her shopping and, upon returning to her car, found four males in the act of leaving with her car. She dropped her shopping bags and drew her handgun, proceeding to scream at them at the top of her voice, "I have a gun and I know how to use it! Get out of the car, scumbags !"

The four men didn't wait for a second invitation but got out and ran like mad, whereupon the lady, somewhat shaken, proceeded to load her shopping bags into the back of the car and get into the driver's seat.

She was so shaken that she could not get her key into the ignition. She tried and tried, and then it dawned on her why. A few minutes later she found her own car parked four or five spaces farther down.

She loaded her bags into her car and drove to the police station.

The sergeant to whom she told the story nearly tore himself in two with laughter and pointed to the other end of the counter, where four pale white males were reporting a car jacking by a mad elderly woman described as white, less than 5' tall, glasses, and curly white hair carrying a large handgun.What kind of shoes do you wear to the beach?

SANDals!Knock-Knock

Who's there?

A little old lady.

A little old lady who?

I didn't know you could yodel!A Unitarian Universalist walks into a fabric store and asks the clerk for nine yards of material. The clerk asks, "What are you going to make?" The UU says, "I'm making a nightgown for myself as a present for my husband." 

The clerk says, "But nine yards is way too much material for a nightgown." 

The UU says, "I know, but my husband would rather seek than find."Dogs have masters, cats have staff.Please note that Banks are installing new "Drive-through" teller machines. Customers will be able to withdraw cash without leaving their vehicles. To enable customers to use this new facility the following procedures have been drawn up. 

MALE PROCEDURE
-----------------------
1. Drive up to the cash machine.

2. Put down your car window.

3. Insert card into machine and enter PIN.

4. Enter amount of cash required and withdraw.

5. Retrieve card, cash and receipt.

6. Put window up.

7. Drive off.


FEMALE PROCEDURE
-------------------------
1. Drive up to cash machine.

2. Reverse back the required amount to align car window to machine.

3. Set parking brake, put the window down.

4. Find handbag, remove all contents onto passenger seat to locate card.

5. Turn the radio down.

6. Attempt to insert card into machine.

7. Attempt to insert card into machine.

8. Open car door to allow easier access to machine due to its excessive distance from the car.

9. Insert card.

10. Re-insert card the right side up.

11. Dig through handbag to find diary with your PIN written on the inside back page.

12. Enter PIN.

13. Press cancel and re-enter correct PIN.

14. Enter amount of cash required.

15. Check make up in rear view mirror.

16. Retrieve cash and receipt.

17. Empty handbag again to locate wallet and place cash inside.

18. Place receipt in back of checkbook.

19. Re-check make-up again.

20. Drive forwards 2 feet.

21. Reverse back to cash machine.

22. Retrieve card.

23. Re-empty hand bag, locate card holder, and place card into the slot provided.

24. Give appropriate glares to irate male drivers queuing behind. 

25. Restart stalled engine and pull off.

26. Drive for 2 to 3 miles.

27. Release parking brake.I did not kill my lovely wife,
I did not slash her with a knife.
I did not bonk her on the head,
I did not know that she was dead.
I stayed at home that fateful night,
I took a cab, then took a flight.
The bag I had was just for me.
My bag! My bag! Hey, leave it be.
When I came home I had a gash,
My hand was cut from broken glass,
I cut my hand on broken glass,
A broken glass did cause that gash.
I have nothing, nothing to hide.
My friend, he took me for a ride;
Did you take this person's life?
Did you do it with a knife?
I did not do it with a knife,
I did not, could not kill my wife.
I did not do this awful crime,
I could not, would not any time.
Did you hit her from above?
Did you drop this bloody glove?
I did not hit her from above,
I cannot even wear that glove,
I did not do it with a knife.
I did not, could not kill my wife,
I did not do this awful crime.
I could not, would not, any time.
And now I'm free, I can return,
To my house for which I yearn,
And to my family whom I love.
Hey, now I'm free - give back my glove!Yo Mama So Ugly...

she put the Boogie man outta business.

she make Michael Jackson look like Brad Pitt

when she wobbles down the street in September, folk say, "Damn it, can't believe it's Halloween already..."

when she applied for the ugly contest they told her 'NO Professionals'

she looked out her window and was arrested for indecent exposure!

minutes after she was born her Mother shouted 'What a treasure!" and her Poppa said, "Yes, now let's go and bury her..."

they push her face into the dough mixture when making Monster cookies.

when they took her to the Beautician it took 10 hours....and that was just for the quote!

your Daddy takes her to work each day so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye...

she put Marilyn Manson out of business.

she was a guard at Snake Mountain

they knew what time she was born cuz her face stopped the clock...

even Harry Knowles refused to date her.

they embalmed her face on a box of super-strength laxatives and sold it empty!

she gets 364 extra days just to dress up for Halloween.

Tony Blair moved Halloween to her birthday.

your papa throws the ugly stick and she goes fetches it every time.

she scared the stitching outta Frankenstein.

we had to tie a steak round her neck so the dogs would play with her.

I heard your Father first met her at the Zoo.

her shadow gave up.

people at the Zoo pay cash so they DON't have to see her...

her mom had to be pissed drunk just to breast feed her.

when born, the doctors had to fit her incubator with tinted windows.

hotel managers use her picture to keep away the rats.

instead of round the ankles, they put the Bungee Jumping cord round her neck.

they gave her a middle name...'accident'.

she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down.

when she walked into the Haunted House, she came back out with a Job Application!

even Slicky Willy Clinton refused to sleep with her...

when she was born the Doc smacked her face.

Your mamma's so Ugly that she's got her very own Crazy Pranks & Hilarious Gags named after her...How do you leave a message on this thing? I can't understand the instructions. Hello. Testing 1 2 3. I wonder what happens if I touch this... YOW!

You know what I hate about answering machine messages? They go on and on, wasting your time. I mean, all they really need to say is, "We aren't in, leave a message." That's why I've decided to keep mine simple and short. I pledge to you, my caller, that you will never have to suffer through another long answering machine message when you call me...

Drawling granny voice: Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like no ansherin' machine. You jusht had to call and call until shummbody got home. Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage. Thanksh a lot.A red-faced judge convened court after a long lunch. The first case involved a man charged with drunk driving who claimed it simply wasn't true. "I'm as sober as you are, your honor," the man claimed.

The judge replied, "Clerk, please enter a guilty plea. The defendant is sentenced to 30 days in jail."The Laws Of Golf

LAW 1: No matter how bad your last shot was, the worst is yet to come. This law does not expire on the 18th hole, since it has the supernatural tendency to extend over the course of a tournament, a summer and, eventually, a lifetime.

LAW 2: Your best round of golf will be followed almost immediately by your worst round ever. The probability of the latter increases with the number of people you tell about the former.

LAW 3: Brand new golf balls are water-magnetic. Though this cannot be proven in the lab, it is a known fact that the more expensive the golf ball, the greater its attraction to water.

LAW 4: Golf balls never bounce off of trees back into play. If one does, the tree is breaking a law of the universe and should be cut down.

LAW 5: No matter what causes a golfer to muff a shot, all his playing partners must solemnly chant, "You looked up," or invoke the wrath of the universe.

LAW 6: The higher a golfer's handicap, the more qualified he deems himself as an instructor.

LAW 7: Every par-three hole in the world has a secret desire to humiliate golfers. The shorter the hole, the greater its desire.

LAW 8: Topping a 3-iron is the most painful torture known to man.

LAW 9: Palm trees eat golf balls.

LAW 10: Sand is alive. If it isn't, how do you explain the way it works against you?

LAW 11: Golf carts always run out of juice at the farthest point from the clubhouse.

LAW 12: A golfer hitting into your group will always be bigger than anyone in your group. Likewise, a group you accidentally hit into will consist of a football player, a professional wrestler, a convicted murderer and an IRS agent - or some similar combination.

LAW 13: All 3-woods are demon-possessed.

LAW 14: Golf balls from the same, "sleeve" tend to follow one another, particularly out of bounds or into the water (See Law three).

LAW 15: A severe slice is a thing of awesome power and beauty.

LAW 16, "Nice lag" can usually be translated to, "lousy putt." Similarly, "tough break" can usually be translated, "way to miss an easy one, sucker."

LAW 17: The person you would most hate to lose to will always be the one who beats you.

LAW 18: The last three holes of a round will automatically adjust your score to what it really should be.

LAW 19: Golf should be given up at least twice per month.

LAW 20: All vows taken on a golf course shall be valid only until the sunset.The National Institutes of Health have announced that they will no longer be using rats for medical experimentation. In their place, they will use attorneys. They have given three reasons for this decision:

1. There are now more attorneys than there are rats.
2. The medical researchers don't become as emotionally attached to the attorneys as they did to the rats.
3. No matter how hard you try, there are some things that rats won't do.BROWN: Hey kids! Is half of your head shaved? Do you have a nose ring? Are you terribly progressive and do you have a lot of empathy? Are you sick and tired of silly things like grades and majors? COME TO BROWN!

COLUMBIA: Hey kids! Do you like Harlem? Do you like commuters? Are you planning on transferring to another Ivy school after your freshman year? COME TO COLUMBIA!

HARVARD: Hey kids! Do you hate teachers? I mean really hate them? Do you never want to have another teacher again? And what about a social life? Do you hate that too? COME TO HARVARD!

PRINCETON: Hey kids! Do you have any idea what an eating club is? Are you pompous? Can you learn to be? Are you the smartest person you know? How many clubs were you in high school? Have you always dreamed of living in the great state of New Jersey? COME TO PRINCETON!

PENN: Hey kids! Did you like high school a lot ? How about four more years of the same? Are you dying to visit scenic West Philadelphia? Does the concept of rigorous academics scare you? COME TO PENN!

CORNELL: Hey kids! Do you hate intimacy? Are you interested in jumping off high places? Have you ever wanted to converse with future hotel managers? Do you like bureaucracy? Do you like archaic forms and the chance to stand in lines with the best and brightest? COME TO CORNELL - The Big Red Tape!

DARTMOUTH: Hey kids! Do you hate civilization? Looking to get away from stuff like culture and people? Do you like to drink? Do you like to drink some more? Do you like to continue to drink? And what's your feeling on drinking? COME TO DARTMOUTH!

M.I.T.: Hey kids! Are you a freakish nerd? Do you want to be? Do you hate doing anything that doesn't involve math? That's right, math! Math math math math and more math! COME TO M.I.T.! PLEASE !

BOSTON COLLEGE: If you haven't figured out how to invent the wheel (but have discovered fire and fire-sticks), don't know your ass from your elbows (but do know genetic plant structures and genetic recombination enough to produce 24 variants of 'da weed' with a garden weasel and a piece of Egyptian chewing gum preserved for 2000 years, enjoy the advantages of indecision (hence being in Boston, but not really), and enjoyed Student Council so much that you NEED TO LIVE IT AGAIN, COME TO BC!

SYRACUSE: Hey kids, do you like it when your Chancellor takes all your money and gives it to a private firm to design a new logo and mascot because yours isn't selling well? Are athletics the only thing that matters to you? Do you believe in money first, students last? Is your idea of a good time learning about the History of the salt trade and the Erie canal? THEN COME TO SYRACUSE!Two college students, Frank and Matt, are riding on a New York City subway when a beggar approaches them asking for spare change.

Frank adamantly rejects the man in disgust.

Matt, on the other hand, whips out his wallet, pulls out a couple of singles and gladly hands them over to the beggar with a smile.

The beggar thanks him kindly and then continues on to the other passengers.

Frank is outraged by his friend's act of generosity.

"What on earth did you do that for?" shouts Frank., "You know he's only going to use it on drugs or booze."

Matt replies, "And we weren't?"Professors of different subjects define the same word in different ways:

Prof. of Computer Science:
A kiss is a few bits of love compiled into a byte.

Prof. of Algebra:
A kiss is two divided by nothing.

Prof. of Geometry:
A kiss is the shortest distance between two straight lines.

Prof. of Physics:
A kiss is the contraction of mouth due to the expansion of the heart.

Prof. of Chemistry:
A kiss is the reaction of the interaction between two hearts.

Prof. of Zoology:
A kiss is the interchange of unisexual salivary bacteria.

Prof. of Physiology:
A kiss is the juxtaposition of two orbicular ors muscles in the state of contraction.

Prof. of Dentistry:
A kiss is infectious and antiseptic.

Prof. of Accountancy:
A kiss is a credit because it is profitable when returned.

Prof. of Economics:
A kiss is that thing for which the demand is higher than the supply.

Prof. of Statistics:
A kiss is an event whose probability depends on the vital statistics of 36-24-36.

Prof. of Philosophy:
A kiss is the persecution for the child, ecstasy for the youth and homage for the old.

Prof. of English:
A kiss is a noun that is used as a conjunction; it is more common than proper; it is spoken in the plural and it is applicable to all.

Prof. of Engineering:
Uh, What? I'm not familiar with that term.Knock, knock.

Who's There?

Yule.

Yule who?

Yule never know until you open the door!Q:  Why are hairdressers always on time?

A:  Because they know all the short cuts!1. Enter the stall. Shower for about 3 minutes, then scream really loudly, exclaiming, "I didn't know I had one of THOSE!"

2. Enter the stall, fully clothed. Do not undress and make sure you clothes get all wet & soapy. Complain when leaving the bathroom that your shirt tends to bleed all over.

3. Ask Scottie to beam you up.

4. Enter the stall, undress and then re-dress up as Superman. Leap out of the stall, vengefully vow to stop Lex Luthor's evil plot, then run full force into the wall. Stand up, shake your head, and proceed to take your 
shower.

5. Bring a bottle of fake blood or ketchup into the shower with you. Exclaim "Ow, you know, it really hurts when you pop one of those." Then let the blood/ketchup seep down the drain for all to see.

6. Look over the edge to the person showering next to you, giggle, and then return to your side, whistling the tune "It's a Small World After All."

7. Bring in a rubber chicken. Get it all soapy, then toss in into the next stall. Demand that the person in that stall returns it to you, or you will cast a voodoo curse on them. The next day, hang the chicken from the bathroom lighting fixtures by a noose and stick numerous pins and forks in it.

8. Have a seizure. Bang against the walls of the stall really hard. Try to knock them down. If anyone later asks if you are okay, just say that you had some Mexican Jumping Fava Beans and they were reacting negatively with your 
stomach.

9. Bring a chunk of sodium metal. Leave it in the stall for the next person showering.

10. Bring a balloon into the shower. Make the balloon squeak for the duration of your bathing experience. Then pop it, and fall to the ground.

11. Hang up the names of different farm animals in the stalls. Have everyone entering the stalls join you in a rendition of "Old McDonald Had A Farm", making the sound of their animal in the stall.

12. Take your shower like normal, and then begin screaming that the Communists are taking over. Bang battle sounds, including bombs, bazookas, and tanks. Towards the end, wearily declared victory. Leave wounded.

13. Blow bubbles. Exclaim that you are dissolving.

14. As you are bathing exclaim you never knew you had a growth.

15. Coat the floor in a fine layer of quick-drying cement.For those of you that remember the old Mitch Miller song "Sweet Violets" This is a crude take off on it... (p.s. - this is similar to Gizzers 'Sweet Violets' #604 but different, funnier and possibly cruder!)


There was a young farmer who lived on a rock
He liked to count sheep while he fingered his...
Marbles and toys as in days of old yore
And for a companion he had a young...
Maiden whose passion was playing with dolls
She told him she wanted to nuzzle his...

Sweet violets
Sweeter than the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
In sweet violets

The farmer was pleased with all of his luck
She claimed that she'd show him a new way to...
Bring up the children and teach them to knit
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling...
Hay from the stables and filling the rick
He told her he'd let her grab hold of his...
Long middle finger which had a slight rash
To soothe it he jammed it right into her...

Sweet violets
Sweeter than the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
In sweet violets

The farmer then left her and went off to hunt
He said, "While I'm gone take good care of your...
Little pet rabbit which plays in the grass
'Cause when I get home I will grab me some...

Sweet violets
Sweeter than the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
In sweet violets"

The maiden was shocked at his strength and his force
She could tell that he was hung like a...
Hammock which sailors do sleep in a lot
He said from now on I will call you my...
Twinkle-toed lassie. She said,"I'm Regina.
Now don't you get lost in my cavernous...

Sweet violets
Sweeter than the roses
Covered all over from head to toe
In sweet violetsTop Ten Things Men Understand About Women...

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.Wait a second!!! I am NOT a loser! I have tried. I am a failure.Dear Mom and Dad,


Our scoutmaster told us all to write to our parents in case you saw the flood on TV and worried. We are OK. Only one of our tents and two of our sleeping bags got washed away. Luckily none us got drowned because we were all up on the mountain looking for Chad when it happened.

Oh yes, please call Chad's mother and tell her he is OK. He can't write because of the cast. I got to ride in one of the search and rescue jeeps. It was neat. We never would have found him in the dark if it hadn't been for the lightning. Scoutmaster Long got mad at Chad for going on a hike alone without telling anyone. Chad said he did tell him, but it was during the fire so he probably didn't hear him. Don't worry it didn't hurt anything very much, just burned part of the chow hall. Scoutmaster Long said we will have to wash the black stuff off of the meat that used to be in the cooler but he said it would be alright. Did you know that if you put gas on a fire, the gas can will blow up? The wet wood still didn't burn, but one of our tents did. Also some of our clothes. John is going to look weird until his hair grows back.

We will come home on Saturday if Scoutmaster Long gets the car fixed. It wasn't his fault about the wreck. The brakes worked OK when we left. Scoutmaster Long said that with a car that old, you have to expect something to break down; that's probably why he can't get insurance on it. We think it's a neat car. He doesn't care if we get it dirty, and if it's hot, sometimes he lets us ride on the tailgate. It gets pretty hot with ten people in the car. He let us take turns riding in the trailer until the highway patrolman stopped and talked to us. Scoutmaster Long is a neat guy. Don't worry, he is a good driver. Especially when that wheel came off when we were going around this steep curve. In fact, he is teaching Terry how to drive. He only lets him drive on them mountain roads where there isn't any traffic. All we ever see up there are logging trucks. I'm glad Terry wasn't driving when the wheel came off. We probably would have went off the cliff.

This morning all the guys were diving off the rocks and swimming out in the lake. Scoutmaster Long wouldn't let me because I can't swim and Chad was afraid he would sink because of the cast, so he let us take the canoe across the lake. It was great. You can still see some of the trees under the water from the flood. Scoutmaster Long isn't crabby like some scoutmasters. He didn't even get mad about the life jackets. When I can I will tell you how we lost them. He has to spend a lot of time working on the car so we are trying not to cause him any trouble.

Guess what? We have passed all our first aid merit badges. When Dave dove in the lake and cut his arm, we all got to see how a tourniquet works. Also, Wade and I threw up. Scoutmaster Long said it was probably just food poisoning from the leftover chicken. He said they got sick that way sometimes from the food they ate in prison. I'm so glad he got out and became our scoutmaster.

He said he sure figured out how to get things done while he was doing his time.

I have to go now, we are going to town to mail our letters and buy bullets. Scoutmaster Long has a big pistol and he is going to teach us how to shoot it. The reason we have to buy more bullets is Jimmy threw all of the others in the fire. It sure was a loud noise. It was neat though, it sounded like a bunch of bees flying out of the fire. Scoutmaster Long said not to tell any one because some of the tents got holes in them from the bullets and he said he is not supposed to have a gun but he didn't say why. Don't worry we put duct tape over the holes in the tents. Scoutmaster Long says that is the best stuff to fix anything. He should know, the seats in his old car has it all over them, so does the dash.

Don't worry about anything. We are fine.
Love, Cole 

P.S. How long has it been since I had a tetanus shot?Yo momma so stupid that she forgot where she parked her car in an empty parking lot!15 Fun Things to do in Public Areas
------------------------------------------  

(I actually did all of these)

1.  Go up to random people and ask "How are you doing?" See what kind of conversation you can start.
(I met lots of new people this way)

2.  Ask someone what another person's name is nearby.  Go up to that person and say "Hey, *person's name*.  How are you? You forgot my name, again, didn't you!?" (People normally look at me very confused with this one.)

3.  Fall down in front of strangers, and see if they try to help. (If they don't help, I yell out, "FINE! DON'T HELP ME THEN!")

4.  Bump into someone and pretend it causes you to fall down. See if they apologize. (This is hard to do, because they normally try to avoid me when I try to bump them.)

5.  Walk behind someone until he/she turns around. Then say, "What?" (You should look very confused, so it makes them be confused also.)

6.  Run around and jump on things and make noises pretending to be a monkey.
(It works with any animal.)

7.  Put water in your mouth, and pretend you are barfing when someone walks by. (It's really funny when you chew up some Snickers for this.)

8.  Get an "Obsession, for men" cologne sample spray, and go up to people asking,  "Do you have an obsession for men?  I was just wondering because I have an obsession for me.  It's in my pants.  Do you want me to spray you with it?"  When they look at you funny, take out the cologne and say "What? It's just my obsession for men cologne. What were you thinking of?" (It doesn't work on the people that have the cologne.)

9.  Walk behind someone and have an arguement with yourself. (It's even better if you talk in two different voices.)

10. Have a bottle of water and go up to people saying, "Thirsty?" (I got a total of 5 people to drink from my bottle.)

11. Have a newspaper or a book (or something like that) and hold it out to someone and ask, "Thirsty?" (Confusion is funny.)

12. Put a chunk of something sticky on your hand, and go up to people saying, "Hey, how're you doing?" and try to shake their hand. (Some people actually don't notice huge sticky brown things sticking to your hand.)

13. Jump kick a wall and look at someone and say, "Please don't do that." (It works with trees too.)

14. Go up to someone and say in a very low voice, "Death by catapult." (There is also, death by spatula, death by rug burn, death by malapropism, or any other weird random way of death.)

15. Get people to join you in your strange adventures. (Twice the people = twice the fun.)

Be careful about the people you do these things to.  Have fun. :-DThis guy is walking through Chinatown. He is fascinated with all the  Chinese Restaurants, the Chinese shops, the Chinese signs and banners on the buildings. He is having the best time just walking and looking. He turns a corner and sees a building with a sign "Hans Olaffsen's Laundry".

"Hans Olaffsen?" he thinks. "How in the world does that fit in here?" 

He walks into the shop and sees an old Chinese gentleman sitting in the corner. The visitor asks, "How in the world did this place get a name like Hans Olaffsen's Laundry?".

The old man answers, "Is name of owner."  

The visitor asks, "Well, who in the heck is the owner?" 

"I am he," answers the old man. 

 "You? How in the heck did you ever get a name like Hans Olaffsen?"

The old man replies, "Many years ago when I come to this country, I was standing in line at Documentation Center. Man in front of me was big blonde Swede.  Lady look at him and go "What your name? He say Hans Olaffsen. She look at me...What your name? I say Sam Ting."Pass a note to the organist asking whether he/she plays requests. See if a yawn really is contagious. 

Slap your neighbor. See if they turn the other cheek. If not, raise your hand and tell the preacher. 

Devise ways of climbing into the balcony without using the stairs. 

Listen for your preacher to use a word beginning with 'A' then 'B' and so on through the alphabet. 

Sit in the back row and roll a handful of marbles under the pews ahead of you. After the service, credit yourself with 10 points for every marble that made it to the front. 

Using church bulletins or visitor cards for raw materials, design, test and modify a collection of paper airplanes. 

Start from the back of the church and try to crawl all the way to the front, under the pews, without being noticed. 

Raise your hand and ask for permission to go to the rest room. 

Whip out a hankie and blow your nose. Vary the pressure exerted on your nostrils and trumpet out a rendition of your favorite hymn. 

Chew gum; if the sermon goes on for more than 15 minutes, start blowing bubbles. 

Try to indicate to the minister that his fly is undone. 

By unobtrusively drawing your arms up into your sleeves, turn your shirt around backwards. 

Try to raise one eyebrow. 

Crack your knuckles. 

Twiddle your thumbs. 

Twiddle your neighbor's thumbs. 

Wiggle your ears so that the people behind you will notice.What did the male rabbit buy the female rabbit for her birthday?

14 carrot gold!Why couldn't the glass fool anybody?

Because everybody could see right through him!Q: How can you tell when a bucket gets sick?
A: It becomes a little pale.A general store owner hired a young female clerk who liked to wear very short skirts and thong panties. 

One day a young man entered the store, glanced at the clerk and glanced at the loaves of bread behind the counter. Noticing the length of her skirt (or general lack thereof) and the location of the raisin bread, he had a brilliant idea. 

"I'd like some raisin bread please," the man said. 

The clerk nodded and climbs up a ladder to reach the raisin bread, which was located on the very top shelf. The young man standing almost directly beneath her is provided with an excellent view, just as he surmised he would be. 

Once she descended the ladder he mused that he really should get two loaves as he was having company for dinner. 

As the clerk retrieved the second loaf of bread, one of the other male customers noticed what was going on. Thinking quickly, he requested his own loaf of raisin bread so he could continue to enjoy the view. 

With each trip up the ladder the young lady seemed to catch the eye of another male customer. Pretty soon each person is asking for raisin bread, just to see the clerk climb up and down. 

After many trips she was tired, irritated, and thinking that she should really  try this bread for herself. Finally, once again atop the ladder, she stopped and fumed, glaring at the men standing below. 

She noticed an elderly man standing amongst the crowd staring up at her. Thinking to save herself a trip, she yells, "Is yours raisin, too?" 

"No," croaked the old man, "but it's startin' to twitch."A blonde walks into a restaraunt and asks for fish and chips.  When she sees the fries on her plate she says "I asked for chips, not fries!"A blond is in math class.  The teacher says, "We are going to be learning about pi (3.14) today.  Does anyone know what that is?"  The blond says "I do.  I made a cherry one this morning."Knock Knock

Who's there?

Candy

Candy who?

Candy have some sweets?  Please!A gent spots a nice looking girl in a bar goes up and starts small talk. Seeing that she didn't back off, he asked her name.

"Carmen," she replied.

"That's a nice name," he said warming up the conversation.
"Who named you, your mother?" "No, I named myself," she answered.

"Oh, that's interesting. Why Carmen?"

"Because I like cars, and I like men," she said.
"So, what's your name?" she asked.

"Beerf$%^."Knock Knock

Who's there?

Snowflake.

Snowflake who?

There's snowflake like home!Courtney:  Let's see who can stay up the longest tonight.

Kaitlyn:  I know!  We'll pinch each other every ten minutes to make sure we don't fall asleep!  Starting right NOW!

Courtney:  Hey, I'm not even tired!

Kaitlyn:  See, my plan is working!What do you call a dinosaur that is able to give you a synonym for any word you give him?



  Answer: A Thesaurus! :)1. The Yankees General Manager's name is Brian Cashman.

2. Barry Bonds' initals are BB, the abreviation for a walk is also BB.What key opens no lock?

A Monkey!What key opens no lock?

A Turkey!Why was six afraid of seven?

Because seven ate nine!The Hodja (teacher) was selling olives at the market and business was slow. He called to a woman who was passing by and tried to entice her. She shook her head and told him she didn't have any money with her."No problem," the Hodja grinned. "You can pay me later." She still looked hesitant, so he offered her one to taste.

"Oh no, I can't, I'm fasting," she responded.

"Fasting? But Ramadan was 6 months ago!"

"Yes, well, I missed a day and I'm making it up now. Go ahead and give me a kilo of the black olives."

"Forget it!" shouted the Hodja. "If it took you 6 months to pay back a debt you owed ALLAH, who knows when you'll get around to paying me!"There was a big moron and a little moron, sitting on a ledge. The big moron fell off. Why?

Because the little moron was a little more on.Don't let your mind wander.  It's too small to be out on its own.Cathy was looking through the window of a clothes store when she spotted a pair of short-shorts.  "Wow, these pants are half off!" she told her uncle.  Her uncle said "They should be, they are only a half pair of pants."What's the difference between an ice-cream?
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A motorcycle, it has no wheels.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Hehe, you should have seen your face!!!Divorced Jewish man seeks partner to attend shul with, light Shabbos candles, celebrate holidays, build Sukkah together, attend brisses and Bar Mitzvahs. Religion not important.
*****
Israeli professor, 41, with 18 years of teaching in my behind. Looking for American-born woman who speaks English very good.I am a sensitive Jewish prince to whom you can open your heart to share your innermost thoughts and deepest secrets. Confide in me. I'll understand your insecurities. No fatties, please.
*****
Jewish male, 34. Very successful, smart, independent, self-made. Looking for girl whose father will hire me.
*****
Single Jewish woman, 29, into disco, mountain climbing, skiing, track and field. Has slight limp.After a long, dry sermon, the minister announced that he wished to meet with the church board after the service. The first man to arrive was a stranger.

"You misunderstood my announcement. This is a meeting of the board," said the minister.

"I know," said the man. "If there is anyone here more bored than I am, I'd like to meet him."Why were the teacher's eyes crossed?

She couldn't control her pupils!Lisa was playing bowling with her friend Marie.  Lisa got a strike, then one more strike.  Then, she got another strike.  She had just gotten 3 strikes in a row!  

"I just got 3 strikes in a row!" said Lisa.

Marie said, "You're out, you just got 3 strikes in a row!"A gazelle goes out for her usual afternoon walk. About an hour later, she realizes that she is lost out in the open. Unskilled in the ways of the real world, she asks a cheetah, "Excuse me sir, do you know what time it is?" With a grin, the cheetah said, "It's lunchtime."What is the answer to this riddle?

What is greater than God,
More evil than the devil,
The poor have it,
The rich need it,
And if you eat it, you'll die?

A: Nothing*Think of a letter between ** A and W.
..
..
..
..
..
..

Repeat it out loud as you scroll down.
..
..
..
..
..
..
.. **Keep going . . 
..
..
..
..
..
..
** Don't stop **
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
Think of an **animal **that begins **with that letter
..
..
..
. .
..
.
..
..
Repeat it out loud as you scroll down.
..
..
.
..
..
..
..
..
Think of either a **man's/woman's ** name ** that **begins  
with the ** last letter** **in the animal's name
..
..
..
..
..
..
.. 
**
..
..
..
..
..
..
.. 
Almost there.......
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
Now
..
..
..
*count out the letters in that name on the fingers of the 
hand you are not using to scroll down.
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
Take the hand you counted with and hold it out in front of 
you at face level
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
Look at your palm very closely and notice the lines in your 
hand
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
Do the lines take the form of the first letter in the 
person's name?
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
..
.. Of course not......
..
..
..
Now smack yourself in the head, get a life, and quit playing stupid joke games!Q: What do the Star Trek Enterprise and toilet paper have in common?

A: They both circle around Uranus searching for Klingons!A couple had been debating buying a vehicle for weeks. He wanted a truck.
 
She wanted a fast little sports car so she could zip through traffic around town.
 
He would probably have settled on any beat up old truck, but everything she seemed to like was way out of their price range.
 
"Look!" she said, "I want something that goes from 0 to 200 in just a few seconds. Nothing else will do. My birthday is coming up. so surprise me!"
 
He did just that, so for her birthday, he bought her a brand new bathroom scale.
 
Nobody has seen or heard from him since.In my holiday to one Asian country, I happened to make a friendship with a local guy while I was drinking a softdrink Fanta. He speaks broken English, but I can fairly understand him. I offered him a softdrink, to that he choose Coco Cola. 

The guy was showing some postcard of Mountains to me. They are really beautiful and just remarked "Fantastic!".

I also showed him some beautiful pictures of country side stored in my digital camera, where I have trekked. To my surprise! Can you guess what was his remark? ... ... ... ... ... ...

He remarked "Coco Colastic!"How do you make one disappear?

Add the letter g, to make it GONE!Why did the man put his money in the freezer?

He wanted cold hard cash!What did the porcupine say to the cactus?

"Is that you, mommy?"What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?

FrostbiteYo momma is so dumb, she tried to fix breaking news!What is a cat's favorite part of the computer?

The mouse!What's a ghost's least favorite room in a house?

-The living roomKnock-knock
Who's there?
Olive
Olive who?
Olive you!!!Why did the kid walk backwards to school?

Because it was back to school day!How do spell mousetrap with only three letters?


C-A-TOnce there was this Australian guy, an English guy, and an American guy. They all went into a furniture store to by a chair that played music when you sat on it (aka musical chair). The next day the Australian guy comes back and says he wants to return the chair. When the clerk asks why he says it's too hard, so the clerk gives him his money back. The day after that the English guy comes back and says he wants to return the chair and again when the clerk asks why, he says it was too hard. So the clerk gives him his money back. The next day the American guy comes back and asks to return the chair. The clerk, getting somewhat annoyed by this time, says, "Let me guess, it's too hard right?" The American guy says, "No, the chair plays the National Anthem so whenever I sit down I have to stand up again, but then the music stops so I sit down and stand up! Up, down, up, down and so on."One eye says to the other eye, "Between you and me, something smells."Where does a judge eat lunch?

At the food court!Why did 3 blonds jump off the building?

To see if their maxi-pads had wings!This list of chalkboard assignments may be used for your dog when he does not behave well. The below variations and choices will help you pick an assignment. A. Fill in the blanks

1. [xxx] is not food.
Spiders; bandaids; ivy and airplane plants; Xmas ornaments; the carved jack-o-lantern; plants from the aquarium; cat litter box contents; laundry detergent boxes (esp. not when full!); toothpaste (tube and all); remote controls; linoleum; eyeglasses; books; stockings; the tar shingles on my house; chicken wire; bizarre plants; disposable razors; rocks; Lego; dirty Kleenex; the baby's used diaper; Christmas stockings; soda pop cans; fiberglass insulation stuffed up the chimney; the underwear in the clothes hamper; Mommy's hair accessories; Mommy's catnip teabags; unopened honey packets; staples; Christmas stockings; credit cards, CDs, and other thin plastic things.

2. I will not lift my leg to the [xxx].
Anything growing in the vegetable garden; house corner; new boyfriend; mailman; woodstove; subordinate pack members; Grandma's plush chair; the confirmation judge; good-looking neighbour man that Mommy is trying to impress; Daddy in the lawn chair.

3. I recognize that [xxx] has a right to exist.
The humans' shoes; the human's cats; the aquarium; 3rd grade art projects (even if they are made of macaroni shells); the other dog(s); the TV remote control; the human's little humans; the bath mitt; Rolling Stone magazine; large patterns on wallpaper;

4. [xxx] is not a toy.
The humans' shoes; the human's cats; the humans' pet cockatiel; newly planted iris bulbs; pillows and blankets from the bed; laundry (dirty OR clean); aquarium plants; stuffed animals from on top of the chest of drawers; pillows and blankets from the newly made bed; the hose that's filling the kiddie pool; the humans' Nerf footballs; humans' underwear; Mommy and Daddy's ferrets.

5. I will not chew the [xxx].
Human's homework; human's papers s/he has to mark; remote control; cardboard around the laundry detergent; handles to the lawn tools; garage door; kitchen cabinets; food left within reach on the couch; the mini-human's *full* bottle even though it conveniently fell in front of me from the crib; horse's new saddle; wall; carpet; deck; couch; sofa cushions; expensive paperbacks.

6. I will not bark at [xxx].
Plastic bags on the ground; the new plow blade on my owner's truck when it is parked; the wind; thunder; the road grader; Daddy's new Santa bear toy (which was innocently sitting on a chair, and had been there for hours before Molly noticed it and took umbrage); tissue paper being blown along the floor by air from the furnace; the spring doorstop when I or the kid flips it and makes it go DOooiiiiinnnnnng; my mother's clean laundry thrown on top of the bed, even if the room is dark and it looks like someone sleeping there; the ball I just pushed into an inaccessible crevice all by myself; the fox/skunk/cat/deer out in the yard at any time after midnight, especially on a work night; the fire hydrant on the corner when out for a walk at night; the car radio; the answering machine lady when she says the date/time; the ice cube that slid under the fridge; the rawhide chewbone that I'm making no headway on; absolutely nothing (especially after 11 PM).

7. I will not dig [xxx].
Under the stove (and through the linoleum); under the sidewalk until it collapses; the carpet; a hole under the porch and then get stuck under it; under my master's pillow at 2 am to retrieve the bone I hid there earlier; a swimming pool in the back yard;This Kentucky horse breeder had a filly that won every race in which she was entered. But as she got older she became very temperamental. He soon found that when he raced her in the evening, she would win handily, but when she raced during the day she would come in dead last. He consulted the top veterinarians and horse psychologists to no avail. He finally had to give up because it had become a real night mare.Mrs. Applebee, the 6th grade teacher, posed the following problem to one of her classes:

"A wealthy man dies and leaves ten million dollars. One-fifth is to go to his wife, one-fifth is to go to his son, one-sixth to his butler, and the rest to charity. Now, what does each get?"

After a very long silence in the classroom, Little Johnny raised his hand.

The teacher called on Little Johnny for his answer.

With complete sincerity in his voice, Little Johnny answered, "A lawyer!"Sure fire signs that your cow has mad-cow disease...

* Your cow insists on wearing a little A-1 sauce behind each ear as cologne.
* She refuses to let you milk her, saying, "Not on the first date."
* Your cow takes up painting and cuts off one of her ears.
* Your cow gets a silicon implant for her udder.
* Your cow appears on Oprah, claiming to be a horse trapped in a cow's body.
* Your cow demands to be branded with the "Golden Arches" logo.
* Your cow insists that all Hindus are sacred.
* Your cow insists evaporated milk comes from thirsty cows.
* Your cow quits the family dairy business and applies for a job at Burger King.
* She starts giving you Milk of Amnesia.
* Your cow joins the Hell's Angels because, hey, it already has a cool leather jacket.
* Your cow starts smoking her grass rather than eating it.
* Your cow spends half the day sitting in the Lotus Position chanting "MOO" backwards.
* Your cow insists that she can give you chocolate milk if you started feeding her Hershey bars.
* Your cow asks you to brand her again, but only if you'll wear something sexy this time.
* Your cow purposely blinds herself with a dart and yells "Bullseye!"
* Your cow becomes a Muslim and asks to be called "LaCream Abdul Milkbar."
* Your cow insists Milk Duds are the result of stupid cows.
* Your cow starts laughing hysterically until milk spurts out her nose.
* You find your cow hiding secret plans to burn down half of Chicago.
* Your cow keeps wanting to chew other cows' cuds.
* Your cow believes it could really jump over the moon like in the nursery rhyme, if she had a really good run at it.Did you know that heaven and hell are actually right next to each other? They are seperated by a big chain-link fence. Well, one day hell was having a big party and it got a little out of hand. God heard the ruckus and arrived to find his fence completely smashed by the wild partiers. He called the devil over and said "Look, Satan, you have to rebuild this fence." Satan agreed. The next day God noticed that the devil had completely rebuilt the fence...but it was 2 feet further into heaven than before. 

"Satan!" beckoned God. "You have to take that fence down and put it back where it belongs!" 

"Yeah? What if I don't?" replied the devil.

"I'll sue you if I have to," answered God.

"Sure," laughed Satan. "Where are you going to find a lawyer?"THE KIDDIE PICK...When you're by yourself and you uninhibitedly twist your forefinger into your nostril with childlike joy and freedom. And the best part is, there's no time limit!

CAMOUFLAGED KIDDIE PICK...When, in the presence of other people, you wrap your forefinger in a tissue, then thrust it in deep and hold back the smile.

FAKE NOSE SCRATCH...When you make believe you've got an itch but you're really trolling the nostril edge for stray boogers.

MAKING A MEAL OUT OF IT...You do it so furiously, and for so long, you're probably entitled to dessert.

SURPRISE PICKINGS...When a sneeze or laugh causes snot to come hurtling out of your nose, and you have to gracefully clean it off your shirt.

AUTO PICK...The kind you do in a car, when no one's looking.

PICK YOUR BRAINS...Done in private, this is the one where your finger goes in so far, it passes the septum.

PICK AND SAVE...When you have to pick it quickly, just when someone looks away, and then you pocket the snot so they don't catch on to what you did.

PICK AND ROLL...No explanation needed.

PICK AND FLICK...Ditto.

PICK AND STICK...You wanted it to be a "Pick and Flick," but it stubbornly clings to your fingertip.

PAY DIRT...The kind where you remove a piece of snot so big, it improves your breathing by 90%.Employer: "In this job we need someone who is responsible."

Applicant: "I'm the one you want. On my last job, every time anything went wrong, they said I was responsible."Three youngsters are having hot discussion, about whose father is the tallest one.

The first one said, "My father is just like statue of Liberty. Your hat will fall off if you look at him"

The second one does not want to loose the discussion. He added, "That's nothing! You can not see my father's hands, when he stands up and waves. They vanish in the clouds".

The third one, a born winner in the discussion, confidently added, "Did your father's hands feel something, when he was waving in the clouds?"

The second one replied confidently that he is going to win the discussion, "Why, certainly, he once told me his hands felt something up in the clouds and he tried to pull that."

The third one said, "That something was my father's under pant. He once complained that they are being pulled by someone while standing."JUST because I have a short attention span doesn't mean IWhen I die I want to go peacefully - like my grandfather did - in his sleep.

Not screaming like the passengers in his car.Why are there no phone books in China?

Because there are so many Wing's and Wong's, they are afraid you will Wing the Wong number.Miscellaneous yo mama jokes
Yo mama feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!

Yo mama aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!

Yo mama lips so big, Chap Stick had to invent a spray.

It took yo mama 10 tries to get her drivers license, she couldnt get used to the front seat!

Yo mama hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.

Yo mama hair so nappy she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.

Yo mama so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.

Yo mama so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.

Yo mama twice the man you are.

Yo mama cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.

Yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine.

Yo mama arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.

Yo mama middle name is Rambo.

Yo mama in a wheelchair and says, "You ain't gonna puch me 'round no more."

Yo mama rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.

Yo mama so stupid was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.

Yo mama mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound.

Yo mama gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo.

Yo mama breath smell so bad when she yawns her teeth duck.

I saw your mama at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.

I saw your mama kicking a can down the street. I asked her what she was doing, and she said "Moving."

Yo mama teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.Did you hear about the new muslim air mattress?

It blows itself up.Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?There was an old country preacher who had a teenage son, and it was getting time the boy should give some thought along the line of choosing a profession. Like many young men, then and now, the boy didn't really know what he wanted to do - and he didn't seem overly concerned about it.

One day, while the boy was away at school, his father decided to try an experiment. What he did was, he went into the boy's room and placed on his study table these three objects: a Bible, a silver dollar, and a bottle of whiskey...

"Now then," the old preacher said to himself, "I'll just hide behind the door here, and when my son comes home from school this afternoon, I'll see which of these three objects he picks up. If he picks up the Bible, he's going to be a preacher like me, and what a blessing that would be! If he picks up the dollar, he's going to be a businessman, and that would be o.k. too. But if he picks up the bottle, he's going to be a drunkard - a no-good drunkard and Lord, what a shame that would be."

The old man was anxious as he waited, and soon he heard his son's footsteps as he came in the house whistling and headed back to his room. He deposited his books on the bed, as a matter of routine, and as he turned around to leave the room he spotted the objects on the table.

With a curious set in his eye, he walked over to inspect them. What he finally did was, he picked up the Bible and placed it under his arm. He picked up the silver dollar and dropped it into his pocket. He uncorked the bottle and took a big drink...

"Lord have mercy," the old man whispered, "He's gonna be a politician!"Why did the chicken go across the field?

Because the referee shouted "FOWL"!Saul is working in his store when he hears a booming voice from above: "Saul, sell your business." He ignores it. It goes on for days. "Saul, sell your business for $3 million." After weeks of this, he relents, sells his store. The voice says 'Saul, go to Las Vegas." He asks why. "Saul, take the $3 million to Las Vegas." He obeys, goes to a casino. Voice says, "Saul , go to the blackjack table and put it down all on one hand." He hesitates but knows he must. He's dealt an 18. The dealer has a six showing. "Saul, take a card." What? The dealer has -- "Take a card!" He tells the dealer to hit him. Saul gets an ace. Nineteen. He breathes easy. "Saul, take another card." What? "TAKE ANOTHER CARD!" He asks for another card. It's another ace. He has twenty. "Saul, take another card," the voice commands. I have twenty! Saul shouts. "TAKE ANOTHER CARD!!" booms the voice. Hit me,Saul says. He gets another ace. Twenty one. The booming voice goes: "unbelievable!"Two guys are walking down the street when a mugger approaches them and demands their money. They both grudgingly pull out their wallets and begin taking out their cash. Just then one guy turns to the other and hands him a bill. "Here's that $20 I owe you," he says.On a passenger flight, the pilot comes over the public address system as usual and to greet the passengers. He tells them at what altitude they'll be flying, the expected arrival time, and a bit about the weather, and advises them to relax and have a good flight.. Then, forgetting to turn off the microphone, he says to his co-pilot, "What would relax me right now is a cup of coffee and a blowjob." All the passengers hear it. As a stewardess immediately begins to run toward the cockpit to tell the pilot of his slip-up, one of the passengers stops her and says "Don't forget the coffee!"I always look for a woman who has a tattoo. I see a woman with a tattoo, and I'm thinking, okay, here's a gal who's capable of making a decision she'll regret in the future.While out one morning in the park, a jogger found a brand new tennis ball, and seeing none around it might belong to, he slipped it into the pocket of his shorts.

Later, on his way home, he stopped at the pedestrian crossing, waiting for the lights to change.

A girl standing next to him eyed the large bulge in his shorts.

"What's that ?" she asked, her eyes gleaming with lust.

"Tennis ball," came the breathless reply.

"Oh," said the girl sympathetically, "that must be painful.... I had tennis elbow once."1. Blow out a huge depressed fart and blame it on the person next to you out loud. 

2. On a long ride, sway side to side at the natural frequency of the elevator. 

3. Stand silent and motionless in the corner, facing the wall, without getting off. 

4. When arriving at your floor, grunt and strain to yank the doors open, then act embarrassed when they open by themselves. 

5. Meow occasionally. 

6. Show other passengers a rash on your genitals and ask if it looks infected. 

7. Leave a box between the doors. 

8. Sell Girl Scout cookies. 

9. When the elevator is silent, look around and ask 'is that your beeper?' 

10. Say 'I wonder what all these do' and push the red buttons.When Mozart passed away, he was buried in a churchyard. A couple days later, the town drunk was walking through the cemetery and heard some strange noise coming from the area where Mozart was buried. 

Terrified, the drunk ran and got the priest to come and listen to it.The priest bent close to the grave and heard some faint, unrecognizable music coming from the grave. Frightened, the priest ran and got the town magistrate.

When the magistrate arrived, he bent his ear to the grave, listened for a moment, and said, "Ah, yes, that's Mozart's Ninth Symphony, being played backwards."

He listened a while longer, and said, "There's the Eighth Symphony, and it's backwards, too. Most puzzling." 

So the magistrate kept listening; "There's the Seventh... the Sixth... the Fifth..." 

Suddenly the realization of what was happening dawned on the magistrate; he stood up and announced to the crowd that had gathered in the cemetery, "My fellow citizens, there's nothing to worry about. It's just Mozart decomposing."1. The Magical World Inside The Abandoned Refrigerator 

2. Where to Find the Toys in the Oven 

3. 101 Games to Play in the Road 

4. Homemade Fireworks using a Bathtub, a Blowdryer, and a Fork 

5. Your Nightmares are Real 

6. Monsters Killed Grandpa 

7. All Guns Squirt Water 

8. How Fun it is to Tie a Squirrel to a Kite 

9. If it's Storming out, the Best Place to Take Shelter is under a Tree 

10. Dad's New Wife RobertHow much deeper would the ocean be without sponges? 

What happens if you get scared halfway to death twice? 

If the #2 pencil is so popular, why is it still #2? 

If all the world is a stage, where is the audience sitting? 

If you write a book about failure, and it doesn't sell, is it a success? 

If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? 

If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry? 

If Superman is so smart, why does he wear underpants over his trousers? 

If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat? 

Why is it that if someone tells you there are 1 billion stars in the universe, you will believe them, but if someone tells you a wall has wet paint you will have to touch it to be sure?It was early morning at the military base, and the first sergeant was calling out names for the daily work parties listed on a piece of paper: 
"Ames" "Here!" "Jenson" "Here!" "Jones" "Here!" "Magersky" "Here!" "Seeback" 
No answer. 
"Seeback!" 
No answer was heard again. 
"SEEBACK!!!" The troops remained totally silent. 
At that point, someone whispered into the first sergeant's ear. He looked again at what the last name really said, quickly turned over the list and continued calling the names printed on the other side.10) Collect potatoes. Paint faces on them and give them names. Name one after your roommate. Separate your roommate's potato from the others. Wait a few days, and then bake your roommate's potato and eat it. Explain to your roommate, "He just didn't belong." 

9) Move everything to one side of the room. Ask your roommate if he knows how much an elephant weighs, and look at the floor on the empty side of the room with concern. 

8) Draw a tiny black line on your nose. Make it bigger every day. Look at it and say, "The hair, it's growing. Growing!" 

7) Buy some knives. Sharpen them every night. While you're doing so, look at your roommate and mutter, "Soon, soon...." 

6) Collect hundreds of pens and pile them on one side of the room. Keep one pencil on the other side of the room. Laugh at the pencil. 

5) Tell your roommate, "I've got an important message for you." Then pretend to faint. When you recover, say you can't remember what the message was. Later on, say, "Oh, yeah, I remember!" Pretend to faint again. Keep this up for several weeks. 

4) While your roommate is out, glue your shoes to the ceiling. When your roommate walks in, sit on the floor, hold your head, and moan. 

3) Make a sandwich. Don't eat it, leave it on the floor. Ignore the sandwich. Wait until your roommate gets rid of it, and then say, "Hey, where the heck is my sandwich!?" Complain loudly that you are hungry. 

2) Every time your roommate walks in yell, "Hooray! You're back!" as loud as you can and dance around the room for five minutes. Afterwards, keep looking at your watch and saying, "Shouldn't you be going somewhere?" 

1) Talk back to your Rice Krispies. All of a sudden, act offended, throw the bowl on the floor and kick it. Refuse to clean it up, explaining, "No, I want to watch them suffer."A fellow in a bar noticed a woman, always alone, come in on a fairly regular basis. After the second week, he made his move. 

"No, thank you." she said politely. "This may sound rather odd in this day and age, but I'm keeping myself pure until I meet the man I love." 

"That must be rather difficult," the man replied. 

"Oh, I don't mind too much," she said, "but it has my husband pretty upset."NEWSPAPERS: If you have to go to the bathroom while playing in the front yard, always use the newspaper that's placed in the driveway every morning for that purpose. 

VISITORS: Quickly determine which guest is afraid of dogs. Charge across the room, barking loudly and leap playfully on this person. If the human falls down on the floor and starts crying, lick its face and growl gently to show your concern.

BARKING: Because you are a dog, you are expected to bark. So bark -- a lot. Your owners will be very happy to hear you protecting their house. Especially late at night while they are sleeping safely in their beds. There is no more secure feeling for a human than to keep waking up in the middle of the night and hearing your protective bark, bark, bark... 

LICKING: Always take a BIG drink from your water dish immediately before licking your human. Humans prefer clean tongues. Be ready to fetch your human a towel. 

HOLES: Rather than digging a BIG hole in the middle of the yard and upsetting your human, dig a lot of smaller holes all over the yard so they won't notice. If you arrange a little pile of dirt on one side of each hole, maybe they'll think it's gophers. There are never enough holes in the ground. Strive daily to do your part to help correct this problem. 

DOORS: The area directly in front of a door is always reserved for the family dog to sleep. 

THE ART OF SNIFFING: Humans like to be sniffed. Everywhere. It is your duty, as the family dog, to accommodate them. 

DINING ETIQUETTE: Always sit under the table at dinner, especially when there are guests, so you can clean up any food that falls on the floor. It's also a good time to practice your sniffing. 

HOUSEBREAKING: Housebreaking is very important to humans, so break as much of the house as possible. 

GOING FOR WALKS: Rules of the road: When out for a walk with your master or mistress, never go to the bathroom on your own lawn. 

COUCHES: It is perfectly permissible to lie on the new couch after all your humans have gone to bed. 

PLAYING: If you lose your footing while chasing a ball or stick, use the flower bed to absorb your fall so you don't injure yourself. 

CHASING CATS: When chasing cats, make sure you never--- quite--- catch them. It spoils all the fun. 

CHEWING: Make a contribution to the fashion industry. ...Eat a shoe.A girl named Melissa was having a birthday party with her friends.  One of her friends gives her this most annoying, screaming and loud singing bird as a funny gift.  Melissa's dad says "We are not keeping that bird, you know that, right?"  Melissa says, "Please, it's so cute.  I'll put it in my room."  The dad says that he will think about it.  That night, Melissa asks her dad if it is OK to keep the singing bird.  Her dad says "I'm still not sure.  I'll have to sleep on it."  Melissa says "No.  Don't break it.  Besides, won't it be more comfy if you slept in your bed?"Boy: "Miss, may I kiss you?"   
Girl: "No."
Boy: "Could you let me embrace your waist with my arms?" 
Girl: "No."
Boy: "Well, then, may I touch your hands?" 
Girl: "No."
Boy: "Why do you keep saying 'No' all the time?" 
Girl: "Mom said, when date with a boyfriend for the first time, remember to say No to everything."
Boy: "Oh, really? Your mom is so..., OK. Miss, do you mind I touch your hands?"
Girl: "No."
Boy: "Miss, do you mind if I embrace your waist with my arms? "
Girl: "No."
Boy: "Miss, do you mind I kiss you?"
Girl: "Er... No."Little 6 year old Nancy and her big sister, Sandy were at the mall, looking at a sweatshirt.

"That shirt is 60 dollars," said Sandy. "I wish I could afford it."

Then the shopkeeper comes up, and says, "Can I help you girls with something?"

"Well, this sweater is 60 dollars and we only have 43 dollars," said Nancy.

"Well, sorry, but you are a little short," said the shopkeeper.

"I can't help it, I'm only 6," Nancy replied.Yo momma so fat, she has to use the highway as a slip and slide!Why did they ban the wave at the local football games?
*Too many blondes were drowning.

Why was the blonde on the roof of the bar?
*Someone told her that the drinks were on the house.

Why don't blondes eat M&Ms?
*They are too hard to peel.

Why do blondes take the pill?
*It's the only way that they can keep track of what day of the week it is.

Did you hear about the blonde that robbed a bank?
*She tied up the safe and blew the guard.In 1900, fathers prayed their children would learn English. 
Today, fathers pray their children will speak English. 


In 1900, if a father put a roof over his family's head, he was a success. 
Today, it takes a roof, deck, pool, and 4-car garage. And that's just the vacation home. 


In 1900, a father waited for the doctor to tell him when the baby arrived. 
Today, a father must wear a smock, know how to breathe, and make sure film is in the video camera. 


In 1900, fathers passed on clothing to their sons. 
Today, kids wouldn't touch Dad's clothes if they were sliding naked down an icicle. 


In 1900, fathers could count on children to join the family business. 
Today, fathers pray their kids will soon come home from college long enough to teach them how to work the computer and set the VCR. 


In 1900, fathers pined for old country Romania, Italy, or Russia. 
Today, fathers pine for old country Hank Williams. 


In 1900, fathers shook their children gently and whispered, "Wake up, it's time for school." 
Today, kids shake their fathers violently at 4 a.m., shouting: "Wake up, it's time for hockey practice." 


In 1900, a father came home from work to find his wife and children at the supper table. 
Today, a father comes home to a note: "Jimmy's at baseball, Cindy's at gymnastics, I'm at gym, Pizza in fridge." 


In 1900, fathers and sons would have heart-to-heart conversations while fishing in a stream. 
Today, fathers pluck the headphones off their sons' ears and shout, "WHEN YOU HAVE A MINUTE.." 


In 1900, a father gave a pencil box for Christmas, and the kid was all smiles. 
Today, a father spends $800 at Toys 'R' Us, and the kid screams: "I wanted Sega!"After a shower, the man grabbed his shirt that his wife hung on the back of the door.  It fell into the trash can.  After picking it up, he looked into the trash and saw nothing so he put the shirt on.

He went to college and walking along the corridor, he heard stiff laughs from everyone. After stopping in an open area, he looked around and saw nothing funny.  When he started walking again, when PLOP, something behind him dropped to the floor.

It was his wife's bloody pad!

Apparently it had been in the trashcan when the shirt fell in and stuck to the back.A man standing in line at a check-out counter of a grocery store was very surprised when an attractive woman behind him said, "Hello!" Her face was beaming.

He gave her that "Who-are-you?" look and couldn't remember ever having seen her before. Then, noticing his look, she figured she had made a mistake and apologized.

"Look," she said, "I'm really sorry, but when I first saw you, I thought you were the father of one of my children," and walked out of the store.

The guy was dumbfounded and thought to himself, what the heck is the world coming to? Here is an attractive woman who can't keep track of who fathers her children! Then he got a little panicky. I don't remember her, he thought, but, MAYBE... during one of the wild parties I went to when I was in college... perhaps I DID father her child!

He ran from the store and caught her in the parking lot and asked, "Are you the girl I met at a party in college, and then we got really drunk and had wild crazy sex on the pool table in front of everyone?"

"No!" the woman said with a horrified look on her face, "I'm your son's second-grade teacher."What crackers do firemen like in their soup?

Firecrackers!Cecil and Scott are two homosexuals living together. It was extremely hot one day and Cecil arrived home to find Scott with his ass in the freezer.

"Scott! What are you doing with your ass in the freezer?"

Scott replied, "It was so hot outside, I thought you'd like something cool to slip into!"Sven & Ole, a couple of Norwegians now living in Minnesota, head for the fair in Duluth. The first thing to catch Sven's eye is the big double Ferris wheel.

"Oh, Ole," he says,  "vould you look at dat. I've always vanted to go on von of dose big Ferris veels. Let's go ride on dat von."

Ole, not being near as adventurous as Sven says, "Oh, I don't tink so. Dat looks kind of dangerous to me." "Vell," says Sven,  "you give me yust von good reason vhy you von't go vit me on dat ride."

Ole couldn't come up with a good reason so up they went.  Ole had to admit after the ride that it was kind of fun.

After another 10 or 15 minutes they came to the roller coaster.  "Oh Ole," says Sven, "Vould you look at dat. Dat's von fine looking roller coaster. I tink ve should go for a ride' on dat."

"Oh, I don't tink so." says Ole.   "Dat looks very dangerous to me."

"Vell," says Sven. "You give me yust von good reason vhy you von't go vit me on dat roller coaster."

Again Ole couldn't come up with a good reason so they both went up on the roller coaster. Ole had to admit after the ride that it wasn't so bad.

After another 10 minutes or so, they came to the bungee jump. "Oofdah!" exclaimed Sven. "Vill you yust look at dat, Ole. Dose people yump off dat big tower vit nuttink but a rubber band tied to dare ankles. Dat looks like so much fun. Come on, let's go do it."

"Oh, I don't tink so," says Ole.  "Dat's much too dangerous. Dis is vare I draw da line." "Vell," says Sven,  "you give me yust von good reason vhy you von't go up on dat tower and yump off vit me."

"Ya, I give you a good reason,"  says Ole. "I came into dis vorld  because of a broken rubber and, by jimminy, I'm not going to leave it da same vay."Barbie Dolls Inc. announces the release of models of Limited Edition Barbie Dolls for the California market.

Rancho Santa Fe Barbie: This princess Barbie is only sold at Saks Fifth Avenue. She comes with an assortment of Kate Spade handbags, a Lexus, a lapdog and a mansion. Options include tummy tuck, face lift and a workaholic Ken.

Poway Barbie: This trendy homemaker Barbie is available with the Lexus SUV or Ford Windstar minivan, gets lost easily, and has no full time occupation or secondary education. Traffic jamming cell phone sold separately. Optional matching gym outfit.

National City Barbie: This recently paroled Barbie comes with a 9mm handgun, a Ray Lewis knife, a low-rider Chevrolet with oversized wheels and tinted windows and a Meth Lab Ken. Also available in a Mexican version.

La Jolla Barbie: This yuppie Barbie comes with choice of a BMW sports car or a souped up Hummer 2, Starbucks cup, credit card and shallow Ken.

Lakeside/East County Barbie: This white-trash model comes in Wrangler jeans or a dickies mini skirt two sizes too small, a NASCAR shirt, volatile shoes, big bleach blonde white fried hair, a six pack of Coors Light and a Hank Jr. CD set. She can spit over 5 feet and she can kick Ken's ass
when she's drunk. A pickup truck is available with Confederate flag bumper stickers.

Ocean Beach Barbie: This Barbie actually comes in two variations. One has long gray hair and archless feet, sandals with white socks, no makeup and a mutt. The other version has frizzy hair, a dingy white tanktop, low cut
jeans and scratch-n-sniff armpits.

Riverside Barbie: This tobacco chewing, brassy-haired Barbie still has not learned that you can't wear high-heeled sandals from Payless with no pedicure and without breaking a heel and falling while you chase your beer-gutted, hollow gold-chain-wearing boyfriend. Her make-up is dark red lip liner with lips covered in a sparkly pink color or no fill-in at all. Her ensemble includes low-rise acid-washed jeans with assorted colored G-strings that stick out the back of her jeans, a white barely-there
see-through shirt Her long, layered hair is bleached/highlighted and BIG. Accessories include: CD-player equipped with Bon Jovi, rusty old Ford pick up.

Texas Transplant Barbie: This bitch of a Barbie comes with a Ford SUV (Texas plates), a knife to stab other Barbies in the back, and tons of makeup. Carnivore Ken sold separately.

They are working on developing a "Compton Barbie", but she keeps getting shot.Yo mama's so short, she had 2 cuff her panties.Yo mama's so fat, she jumped on the arch and made it into the MacDonald's M.yo mama's so fat, she waz about 2 jump in the ocean, and the ocean jumped out and said u 1st.When you go into the bathroom you're Russian; when you are in the bathroom, European; when you come out of the bathroom, you're Finnish.

You have to read the nationalities slowlyWhat's the difference between a duck and a spider?

A duck has a web in its feet, a spider has its feet in a web!What do you get when you cross a praying mantis with a termite?

A bug that says grace before eating your house.Why do they call it disposable douche? Is there a kind of douche you keep after using?

Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together?

Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?

Why do they report power outages on TV?

Why do they sell a pound cake that only weighs 12 ounces?

Why do 'tug'boats push their barges? 

Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?

Why do we have hot water heaters?

Why do we play in recitals and recite in plays?

Why do we put suits in a garment bag and garments in a suitcase?

Why do we sing 'Take me out to the ball game', when we are already there? 

Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them?

Why does "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing? 

Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing?

Why does flammable and inflammable mean the same thing?

Why doesn't "onomatopoeia" sound like what it is?

Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees?

Why don't you ever see baby pigeons?

Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race car not called a racist?

Why is a women's prison called a penal colony?

Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?

Why is it called a bust, when it stops right before the part it is named after?

Why is it called a TV "set" when you only get one?

Why is it called 'after dark', when it is really after light?

Why is it so hard to remember how to spell MNEMONIC?

Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
 
Why is it when a door is open it's ajar, but when a jar is open it's not adoor?

Why is it when two planes almost hit each other it is called a "near miss"?

Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same?

Why is Mickey Mouse bigger than his dog Pluto?

Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song? 

Why is the word "abbreviate" so long?

Don't you have to get up to get to the tape?

Why is there an expiration date on SOUR cream?

Why is there only ONE Monopolies Commission?

Why isn't "palindrome" spelled the same way backwards?

Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds? 

Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?

Would a fly without wings be called a walk?

You know how most packages say "Open here". What is the protocol if the package says, "Open somewhere else"?

Can fat people go skinny-dipping?

After eating, do amphibians have to wait an hour before getting out of the water?

You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?

Are there seeing eye humans for blind dogs?

Have ex-bankers become disinterested?

Have ex-civil lawyers been distorted?

Have ex-locomotive engineers been derailed?

Have ex-mathematicians become dysfunctional?

Have ex-punsters been expunged?

How come toy hippos are always blue, or purple, when real hippos are brown?

Why is it that whenever you sing to the radio, your voice is higher? Even when you have a low voice?

Why is most lunchmeat bigger than the bread?

Is there a certain temperature at which it stops being qualified as cold? At what temperature does it qualify as hot?

If you were a pastor, and you were getting married, would you hire a pastor, or would you do the wedding yourself?

Why is Joey short for Joe, when Joey has more letters?

Can someone have their head in the clouds and be down-to-earth at the same time?

If a person suffered from amnesia and then was cured would they remember
that they forgot?

If you died with braces on would they take them off? 

Why do mattresses have designs on them when they're always covered with sheets?

If a singer sings their own song during a karaoke party, is it considered karaoke?

If conjoined twins participate in sports, do they count as one or two players?

Why is shampoo clear but conditioner not?

Do cows have calf muscles?

How come French fries are not considered a vegetable, they are just deep fried potatoes?

Do babies produce more spit than adults?

Why do they say "an alarm going off," if it is really going on?A Sunday school teacher of pre-schoolers was concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus Christ. He wanted to make sure they understood that the birth of Jesus occurred a long time ago, that he grew up, etc. So he asked his class, "Where is Jesus today?"

Steven raised his hand and said, "He's in heaven!"

Mary was called on and answered, "He's in my heart!"

Little Johnny, waving his hand furiously, blurted out, "I know! I know! He's in our bathroom!"

The whole class went very quiet, looked at the teacher, and waited for a response. The teacher was completely at a loss for a few seconds. He finally gathered his wits and asked Little Johnny how he knew this.

Little Johnny replied, "Well, every morning my father gets up, bangs on the bathroom door, and yells: 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?'"Well, a Scotsman clad in kilt left the bar one evening fair
And one could tell by how he walked that he'd drunk more than his share
He fumbled 'round until he could no longer keep his feet
And he stumbled off into the grass to sleep beside the street.

About that time two young and lovely girls just happened by
One says to the other with a twinkle in her eye
See yon sleeping Scotsman so strong and handsome built
I wonder if it's true what they don't wear beneath the kilt?

They crept up on that sleeping Scotsman quiet as could be
Lifted up his kilt about an inch so they could see
And there behold for them to view beneath his Scottish skirt
Was nothing more than God had graced him with upon his birth!

They marveled for a moment then one said we must be gone
Let's leave a present for our friend before we move along
As a gift they left a blue silk ribbon tied into a bow
Around the bonnie star the Scots kilt did lift and show.

Now the Scotsman woke to nature's call and stumbled towards the trees
Behind the bush he lifts his kilt and gawks at what he sees
And in a startled voice he says to what's before his eyes
Oh, lad I don't know where you've been but I see you won first prize!Johnny and his mother were having a parent-teacher conference.

MOTHER: Johnny really enjoys having you as a teacher, Mrs. Bengal.

JOHNNY: Really? I didn't know it was opposite day!An elderly Italian Jewish man wanted to unburden his guilty conscience by talking to his rabbi.

"Rabbi, during World War II, when the Germans entered Italy, I pretended to be a 'goy' and changed my name from Levi to Spamoni and I am alive today because of it."

"Self preservation is important and the fact that you never forgot that you were a Jew is admirable," said the rabbi.

"Rabbi, a beautiful Jewish woman knocked on my door and asked me to hide her from the Germans. I hid her in my attic and they never found her."

"That was a wonderful thing you did, and you have no need to feel guilty."

"It's worse, Rabbi. I was weak and allowed her to repay me for my efforts with her sexual favours."

"You were both in great danger and would have suffered terribly if the Germans had found her. There is a favourable balance between good and evil and you will be judged kindly. Give up your feelings of guilt."

"Thank you, Rabbi. That's a great load off my mind. But I have one more question."

"And what is that?"

"Should I tell her the war is over?"1. If you had a $25 bill, what would you do with it?

2. How many tomatoes grow on a tree?

3. How many animals did Moses take on the ark?What do you call a guy with no arms or legs in front of a door?
Matt
What do you call a guy with no arms or legs swimming?
Bob
What do you call a guy with no arms or legs water skiing?
Skip(These are fake books, but they make me laugh)
"Spots on the Wall" by Hoo-flung-poo

"Under the Bleachers" by Seamore Butts

"Ten Steps from the Outhouse" by Willie Makeit, Illustrations by Bettie CantWhy are all the numbers scared of 7?

Because 7 ate 9!Knock Knock.

Whos there?

Deaf person.

Deaf person who?

Sorry, can't hear you.A teacher in New York City wanted to see how many animals the city kids in her fourth-grade class could identify. 

She drew a picture of a cow on the blackboard and said, "Who can tell me what this is?" 

A little girl raised her hand. 

"Yes, Janie, what do you think it is?" 

"It's a cow, teacher." 

"Very good, Janie," said the teacher. 

Then she drew a picture of a pig, and a little boy answered correctly. She drew several other barnyard animals and was unable to stump the class. Finally, she decided to try something a little more difficult. She drew a stag with a large spread of antlers. The kids just stared, but nobody offered an answer. 

"I'll give you a hint," said the teacher. "What does your mommy call your daddy when she's trying to be 'lovey-dovey'?" 

Instantly, little Johnny raised his hand and said, "I know, teacher. It's a big horny bastard!"A woman is in bed with her lover who happens to be her husband's best friend. They make love for hours, and afterwards, while they're just laying there, the phone rings. Since it is the woman's house, she picks up the receiver. Her lover looks at her and listens, only hearing her side of the conversation ... 

(She is speaking in a cheery voice) "Hello? Oh, hi. I'm so glad that you called. Really? That's wonderful. I am so happy for you. That sounds terrific. Great! Thanks. Okay. Bye." 

She hangs up the telephone, and her lover asks, "Who was that?" 

"Oh," she replies," that was my husband telling me all about the wonderful time he's having with you on his fishing trip."Yo Momma so dumb when she went through the McDonalds drive through, she drove through McDonalds.A blonde laughs at a joke 3 times.

When the joke is told,

When the joke is explained,

And 5 days later, when she gets it.The European Union commissioners have announced that agreement has been reached to adopt English as the preferred language for European communications, rather than German, which was the other possibility. As part of the  negotiations, Her Majesty's Government conceded that English
spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a five-year phased plan for what will be known as EuroEnglish (Euro for short).

In the first year, "s" will be used instead of the soft "c".  Sertainly, sivil servants will resieve this news with joy.  Also, the hard "c will be replaced with "k". Not only will this klear up konfusion, but typewriters kan have one less letter.

There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year, when the troublesome "ph" will be replaced by "f". This will make words like "fotograf" 20 per sent shorter.  In the third year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated
changes are possible.

Governments will enkorage the removal of double letters, which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horible mes of silent "e"s in the languag is disgrasful, and they would go.

By the fourth year, peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" by "z" and "w" by " v".

During ze fifz year, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou", and similar changes vud of kors be aplid to ozer kombinations of leters.

After zis fifz yer, ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl.  Zer vil be no mor trubls or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech ozer.

Ze drem vil finali kum tru.I know this might be a little on the stupid side but I think it's funny...


Happy Birthday to you..

You live in a zoo..

You smell like a monkey..

And you look like one too..You Know You're a Pothead When... 
You think the song "Truckin'" by the Grateful Dead should replace the national anthem.

Your music collection is worth more than your vehicle.

Your bong is taller than your dog.

It takes you more than 30 minutes to roll a joint.

You set your wedding date for 4/20.

You take off April 20th every year and treat it as a holiday.

You spent your last bit of money to score some herbs and don't have enough gas money to get home but you don't care.

You start every sentence with - uhhh!.

You intentionally roll seeds in your joints on independence day so you can hear the popping because you don't have money to buy fireworks.

You eat at Taco Bell more than 8 times a week.

You wear sunglasses at night, and see better.

You go to the corner store and the clerk automatically tosses a pack of rolling papers on the counter.

Your pot tray is fuller than your refrigerator.

Your bong gets washed more than your dishes.

You sell your car for gas money

You are the only tobacco smoker in the room and you look at the cigarette in the ashtray and ask, "Is that my cigarette?" 

You're eating something on your way home thinking about what you're gonna eat when you get home!

Every cylinderical object you see, turns into plans on a new smoking device....

Just to be religous, you observe 4:20 in every time zone.

Someone has ever come up to you on the street and said "Hi" and you said "Yep."

You thought the ebola virus was a type of weed.

You think being stoned to death would be a damn good way to go out.

You have ever smoked pot before 8 o'clock in the morning.

You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other pothead friends.Two friends, a blonde and a redhead, are walking down the street and pass a flower shop where the redhead saw her boyfriend buying flowers. 

Redhead sighed and said, "Oh, crap, my boyfriend is buying me flowers again." 

The blonde looked quizzically at her and said, "You don't like getting flowers from your boyfriend?" 

The redhead said, "I love getting flowers, but he always has expectations after giving me flowers, and I just don't feel like spending the next three days on my back with my legs in the air." 

The blonde says, "Don't you have a vase?"Mr. Smith wanted to become a teacher in the worst way, but the only job he could find was as an instructor at an all female college teaching sex education. His wife was a very jealous woman so Mr. Smith decided he would tell his wife that he would be teaching sailing at this college so that she would not get angry. He was very happy and for months all was well. As fate would have it, one day in the grocery store check out lane, Mrs. Smith overheard a group of girls standing in line behind her talking about college and their instructor Mr. Smith. The girls went on and on about how great this Mr. Smith was at teaching their class. The cashier handed Mrs. Smith her change and said, "Have a great day Mrs. Smith, and thank you, again." One of the girls in line heard the cashier, and asked Mrs. Smith if she was related to the Mr. Smith that was teaching at the college. Mrs. Smith replied, "Yes, he is my husband." Well that set off a torrent of accolades about how knowledgeable Mr. Smith was about the subject matter he was teaching, about how he got the whole class to discuss their fears about learning the subject. Well Mrs. Smith was taken back by what she heard from these girls and replied, "I don't know how you find him to be so gifted at teaching you this course. You know he only tried it twice in his life. The first time he tried it, he got sick, and the second time, his hat blew off and he just quit."There's this drunk standing out on the street corner, and a cop passes by, and says, "What do you think you're doing?"

The drunk says, "I heard the world goes around every 24 hours, and I'm waiting on my house. Won't be long now, there goes my neighbor."Q. Have you heard about the new 'Mint flavored birth control pill for women that they take immediately before sex?
A. They're called PredicamentsIf someone says, "A penny for your thoughts,", and you give them your two cents worth, what happens to the other penny?Fred had just came back from a hiking trip, when his friend, George, asked how it was. 
"It was great!" said Fred, except on my way home I accidentally awoke a lion....it started chasing me....at one time he was so close, that I could feel his breath on my neck, but then he slipped!! He caught up again, and I could smell his foul breath right behind me, but he slipped again! Then he was so close, his paw reached out, inches away from my shoulders. Yet he slipped, for the third time! That is when I spotted a car and got a ride back here!" 
"Wow!", says George, "If that happened to me I would Have wet my pants!!" Fred looks at him and says 
"What do you think the lion kept slipping on?"Yo momma's breath is so stank the thermometer read, "I Quit!"Yo Momma's so fat, she wears a microwave as a beeper.Q. what is more diffucult than getting a pregnant elephant in your car?



A. getting an elephant pregnant in your carQ. Why are families like chocolate?



A. They are mostly sweet, with a few nuts!Dad: Courtney, do you want penne pasta for dinner?

Courtney: No, but I'll have dime or quarter pasta.Yo moma so fat, when she sat down, she sat next to Everyone!Yo Momma's So Fat...

When she crosses the border, they think she's tryin to smuggle the whole country.

When she was at the zoo the elephants were scared she might step on them.

She's what caused Mexico City to sink into the ground.

She sunk Atlantis.

She once found a whale hidden in her belly button.

When a plane has to make an emergancy landing they use her as a runway.Knock Knock !
Who's there ?
Bless !
Bless who ?
I didn't sneeze !Knock Knock
Who's there !
Banana !
Banana who ?
Banana split, so ice creamed !1) The couch is not mine.
2) No matter how much larger the human is, the cat still deserves half of the bed.
3) Tell those you love how much you love them but only after they feed you.
4) Its okay to be a tad overweight as long as you are still able to reach your goals(for example the windowsill).
5) Catnip actualy has a rather nice scent.
6) The printer is a valid seat.
7) All scurmishes with others can be solved by looking innocent.
8) Its okay to lose some hair,
and of course, 
9) Its always nice to be with those you love,even if they do smell like dog!Yo Mommas like a really popular website;over 10,000 hits a dayA blonde, brunette, and a redhead all get together once a week to talk about the problems they are having with their daughters, and get input from the other two moms. So, the brunette decided to open the meeting. 
     "I found a pack of cigarettes on my daughter's nightstand the other night. What am I going to do?"
     The moms told her to talk to her daughter and tell her it was wrong, and to never do it again.
     The redhead said that she had recently found a 12 pack of beer in her daughter's closet. The moms told her to talk to her daughter, tell her it was wrong, and never to do it again. 
     When it was the blonde mom's turn she said:
     "I found a box of condoms on my daughter's dresser the other day."
      All the moms are in shock. But the blonde gets up and says, "No no, the worst part is that I didn't even know she had one of those."I know this isn't really a joke but I thought it was so funny that I wanted to share it with everyone...


1. In the company of feminists, intercourse should be referred to as:
a) Lovemaking
b) Screwing
c) The pigskin bus pulling into tuna town

2. You should make love to a woman for the first time only after you've both shared:
a) Your views about what you expect from a sexual relationship
b) Your blood-test results
c) Five tequila slammers

3. You time your orgasm so that:
a) Your partner climaxes first
b) You both climax simultaneously
c) You don't miss SportsCenter

4. Passionate, spontaneous sex on the kitchen floor is:
a) Healthy, creative love-play
b) Not the sort of thing your wife/girlfriend would ever agree to
c) Not the sort of thing your wife/girlfriend need ever find out about

5. Spending the whole night cuddling a woman you've just had sex with is:
a) The best part of the experience
b) The second best part of the experience
c) $100 extra

6. Your girlfriend says she's gained five pounds in weight in the last month. You tell her that it is:
a) No concern of yours
b) Not a problem - she can join your gym
c) A conservative estimate

7. You think today's sensitive, caring man is:
a) A myth
b) An oxymoron
c) A moron

8. Foreplay is to sex as:
a) Appetizer is to entree
b) Priming is to painting
c) A queue is to an amusement park ride

9. Which of the following are you most likely to find yourself saying at the end of a relationship?
a) "I hope we can still be friends."
b) "I'm not in right now. Please leave a message after the tone...."
c) "Welcome to Dumpsville. Population: You."

10. A woman who is uncomfortable watching you masturbate:
a) Probably needs a little more time before she can cope with that sort of intimacy
b) Is uptight and a waste of time
c) Shouldn't have sat next to you on the bus in the first place


If you answered 'A' more than 7 times, check your pants to make sure you really are a man.

If you answered 'B' more than 7 times, check into therapy, you're still a little confused.

If you answered 'C' more than 7 times, call me up. Let's go drinking.Think of the beat of the song walking in a winter wonderland while you are reading this...

Lacy things -- the wife is missin',
Didn't ask -- her permission,
I'm wearin' her clothes,
Her silk pantyhose,
Walkin' 'round in women's underwear.

In the store -- there's a teddy,
Little straps -- like spaghetti,
It holds me so tight,
Like handcuffs at night,
Walkin' 'round in women's underwear.

In the office there's a guy named Melvin,
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.

He'll say, "Are you ready?" I'll say,"Whoa, Man!"
"Let's wait until our wives are out of town!"

Later on, if you wanna,
We can dress -- like Madonna,
Put on some eyeshade,
And join the parade,
Walkin' 'round in women's underwear!

Lacy things... missin',
Didn't ask... permission,
Wearin' her clothes,
Her silk pantyhose,
Walkin' 'round in women's underwear.

Walkin' 'round in women's underwear,
Walkin' 'round in women's underwear!A drunken guy is walking down the street. He sees this nun, runs up and knocks 
her over.

He says, "You don't feel so tough now, do you,Batman!?"What has 40 teeth and holds back a monster? 

My zipper.Q: How many academics does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: None. That is what their students are for.Two men at a bar had been enjoying a few drinks for the past couple of hours and were pretty drunk when one of them notices a beautiful woman sitting in the corner.

One says to the other, "Geez, I'd really like to dance with that girl."

The other man replies, "Well go ahead and ask her, don't be a chicken s***."

So the man approaches the lovely woman and says, "Excuse me, would you be so kind as to dance with me?"

Seeing the man is totally drunk the woman says, "I'm sorry, right now I'm contemplating on matrimony, and I'd rather sit than dance."

So the man humbly returns to his friend.
"So what did she say?" asks the friend.

The drunk responded, "She said she's constipated on macaroni, and would rather s*** in her pants."A man walks out of a bar and sees a bum panhandling
on the corner. The bum says, "Mister, can you
spare a dollar?"

The man thinks about the question for a bit and 
asks the bum, "If I give you a dollar, are you
going to use it to buy liquor?"

"No", says the bum.

The man then asks the bum, "If I give you a 
dollar are you going to use it to gamble?"

"No", says the bum.

So the man says to the bum, "Do you mind coming
home with me so I can show my wife what happens
to someone who doesn't drink or gamble?"Q.  What do me and a mirror have in common? 
A.  When we see your face we both crack up!Q: Why did the rooster cross the road?
A: He heard the chicken was a slut.

Q: Why is it difficult to find men who are sensitive, caring and good-looking?
A: They already have boyfriends.

Q: Why is it that an archaeologist is the best man to have as a husband?
A: The older you get the more he is interested in you.

Q: What do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night?
A: A widow!

Q: Why are blond jokes so short?
A: So men can remember them.
Man: I don't know why you wear a bra. You've got nothing to put in it.
Woman: You wear a pants, don't you?

Man: God, why did you make my girlfriend so beautiful and caring?"
God: So you would love her.
Man: But God, why did you make her so stupid?"
God: So she would love you!You're so dumb you stole free samples.What is the difference between a lawyer and a wood tick?

A wood tick falls off when you die.Haven't I seen you on TV?
Well yes I do appear off and on, how do you like me? 
Off.Yo mama is so fat, she can sell shade.Your mama is so fat, a giant mistook her for a bowling ball!One bright day in the middle of the night, 
2 dead boys got up to fight
back to back they faced each other,
drew their knives,
and shot each other.
a deaf policeman heard the noise, 
and came to kill those two dead boys.
if you don't believe my stories true,
ask the blind guy, he saw it to!Man: "Do you think I'll lose my looks when I get older?"

Friend: "With luck, yes."Q. Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A. All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.Yo mamma so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.

Yo mamma so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.

Yo mamma so old she ran track with dinosaurs.

Yo mamma so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.

Yo mamma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.A job seeker was interviewing, and the interviewer asked him, "Tell me what is your greatest strength?"

The prospective employee said, "Sir, I am a little bit shy, but should I give you my honest answer?"

The interviewer says, "Of course, yes. I expect nothing but honesty from my staff." 

The job seeker says, "Sir, my greatest strength is my wife."

The interviewer was quite impressed with the spousal respect of this man, thought he could be a great member of his team, corporate community and he deserved the job.

So with an intention of offering him the job soon the interviewer tried to wrap up with the last question, "Tell me now, what is your greatest weakness?"

The guy felt encouraged, and went on, "Sir, my greatest weakness is someone else's wife."There have been recent terrorist activities in France. Today the had to upgrade their security system from "Run" to "Hide". If things get any worse they'll have to go to "Surrender", and then "Beg for Mercy".Yo momma so fat she uses a dump truck as a toilet!yo mom is like a shotgun, one cock and shes ready to blowSigns in the USA (mostly)
 
In front of a New Hampshire restaurant:
"Now serving live lobsters"
 
On the menu of a restaurant:
"Blackened bluefish"
 
In a Maine restaurant:
"Open seven days a week and weekends."
 
In a New Jersey restaurant:
"Open seven days a week and weekends."
 
On the walls of a Baltimore estate:
"Trespassers will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. 
   -- Sisters of Mercy"
 
On a long established New Mexico dry cleaning store:
"Thirty-eight years on the same spot."
 
In a New York drugstore:
"We dispense with accuracy."
 
In a New York medical building:
"Mental Health Prevention Center"
 
On a New York convalescent home:
"For the sick and tired of the Episcopal church"
 
In a funeral parlor:
"Ask about our layaway plan."

In a clothing store:
"Wonderful bargains for men with 16 and 17 necks."
 
Outside a country shop:
"We buy junk and sell antiques."
 
In a Tacoma, Washington men's clothing store:
"15 men's wool suits - $100 - They won't last an hour!"
 
In a Massachusetts parking area reserved for birdwatchers:
"Parking for birds only."
 
In the vestry of a New England church:
"Will the last person to leave please see that the perpetual light is
extinguished"
 
In a laundry room:
"Do not put wet clothes in dryers, as this can cause irreparable damage."
 
A sign seen on a restroom dryer at O'Hare Field in Chicago:
"Do not activate with wet hands."
 
In a New Hampshire jewelry store:
"Ears pierced while you wait."
 
In a New York restaurant:
"Customers who find our waitresses rude ought to see the manager."
 
A sign in an Asian seafood store in Madison, Wisconsin:
"Crap - .79/lb."
 
In a Florida maternity ward:
"No children allowed."
 
In the offices of a loan company:
"Ask about our plans for owning your home."
 
At a number of US military bases:
"Restricted to unauthorized personnel."
 
On a display of 'You are my one and only' valentine cards:
"Now available in multi-packs"
 
In the window of an Oregon general store:
"Why go elsewhere to be cheated, when you can come here?"
 
In a Pennsylvania cemetary:
"Persons are prohibited from picking flowers from any but their own
graves."
 
On the grounds of a private school:
"No trespassing without permission."

In a library:
"Blotter paper will no longer be available until the public stops 
taking it away."
 
On a Tennessee highway:
"Take notice: when this sign is under water, this road is impassable."
 
In front of a New Hampshire car wash:
"If you can't read this, it's time you wash your car."
 
On a poster on a telephone pole in Oregon:
"Are you an adult that cannot read? If so, we can help."
 
A sign on top of a San Fransico drug store located across the street from
the Transbay bus terminal:
"Terminal Drugs"
 
From the safety information card in America West Airline seat pocket:
"If you are sitting in an exit row and can not read this card, please tell
a crew member."
 
On a delicatessen wall:
"Our best is none too good"
 
On a roller caoster:
"Watch your head"
 
On a Maine shop:
"Our motto is to give our customers the lowest possible prices and
workmanship."
 
In downtown Boston:
"Callahan Tunnel / No end."
 
A sign on a front yard in York, Maine:
"Inexpensive, Quality Daycare - Openings Day and Night."FUNNY ENGLISH NOTICES AROUND THE WORLD!
---------------------------------------
         Here are some signs and notices written in English that were
         discovered throughout the world.  You have to give the writers an
         'E' for Effort.  We hope you enjoy them.
 
  In a Tokyo Hotel:
         Is forbidden to steal hotel towels please.  If you are not a 
         person to do such thing is please not to read notis.
 
  In a Bucharest hotel lobby:
         The lift is being fixed for the next day.  During that time we
         regret that you will be unbearable.
 
  In a Leipzig elevator:
         Do not enter the lift backwards, and only when lit up.
 
  In a Belgrade hotel elevator:
         To move the cabin, push button for wishing floor.  If the cabin
         should enter more persons, each one should press a number of
         wishing floor.  Driving is then going alphabetically by
         national order.
 
  In a Paris hotel elevator:
         Please leave your values at the front desk.
 
  In a hotel in Athens:
         Visitors are expected to complain at the office between the
         hours of 9 and 11 A.M. daily.
 
  In a Yugoslavian hotel:
         The flattening of underwear with pleasure is the job of the
         chambermaid.
 
  In a Japanese hotel:
         You are invited to take advantage of the chambermaid.
 
  In the lobby of a Moscow hotel across from a Russian Orthodox
     monastery:
         You are welcome to visit the cemetery where famous Russian and
         Soviet composers, artists, and writers are buried daily except
         Thursday.
 
  In an Austrian hotel catering to skiers:
         Not to perambulate the corridors in the hours of repose in the
         boots of ascension.
 
  On the menu of a Swiss restaurant:
         Our wines leave you nothing to hope for.
 
  On the menu of a Polish hotel:
         Salad a firm's own make; limpid red beet soup with cheesy
         dumplings in the form of a finger; roasted duck let loose;
         beef rashers beaten up in the country people's fashion.
 
  Outside a Hong Kong tailor shop:
         Ladies may have a fit upstairs.
 
  In a Bangkok dry cleaner's:
         Drop your trousers here for best results.
 
  Outside a Paris dress shop:
         Dresses for street walking.
 
  In a Rhodes tailor shop:
         Order your summers suit.  Because is big rush we will execute
         customers in strict rotation.
 
  A sign posted in Germany's Black forest:
         It is strictly forbidden on our black forest camping site that
         people of different sex, for instance, men and women, live
         together in one tent unless they are married with each other 
         for that purpose.
 
  In a Zurich hotel:
         Because of the impropriety of entertaining guests of the
         opposite sex in the bedroom, it is suggested that the lobby 
         be used for this purpose.
 
  In an advertisement by a Hong Kong dentist:
         Teeth extracted by the latest Methodists.
 
  In a Rome laundry:
         Ladies, leave your clothes here and spend the afternoon 
         having a good time.
 
  In a Czechoslovakian tourist agency:
         Take one of our horse-driven city tours - we guarantee no
         miscarriages.
 
  Advertisement for donkey rides in Thailand:
         Would you like to ride on your own ass?
 
  In a Swiss mountain inn:
         Special today -- no ice cream.
 
  In a Bangkok temple:
         It is forbidden to enter a woman even a foreigner if dressed
         as a man.
 
  In a Tokyo bar:
         Special cocktails for the ladies with nuts.
 
  In a Copenhagen airline ticket office:
         We take your bags and send them in all directions.
 
  On the door of a Moscow hotel room:
         If this is your first visit to the USSR, you are welcome to
         it.
 
  In a Norwegian cocktail lounge:
         Ladies are requested not to have children in the bar.
 
  In a Budapest zoo:
         Please do not feed the animals.  If you have any suitable
         food, give it to the guard on duty.
 
  In the office of a Roman doctor:
         Specialist in women and other diseases.
 
  In an Acapulco hotel:
         The manager has personally passed all the water served here.
 
  In a Tokyo shop:
         Our nylons cost more than common, but you'll find they are
         best in the long run.
 
   From a Japanese information booklet about using a hotel air
      conditioner:
         Cooles and Heates:  If you want just condition of warm in your
         room, please control yourself.
 
   From a brochure of a car rental firm in Tokyo:
         When passenger of foot heave in sight, tootle the horn.
         Trumpet him melodiously at first, but if he still obstacles 
         your passage then tootle him with vigor.
 
  Two signs from a Majorcan shop entrance:
         -   English well talking.
         -   Here speeching American.Mary Louise Gilman, editor of the National Shorthand Reporter has collected
many of the more hilarious courtroom bloopers in two books - Humor in the
Court (1977) and More Humor in the Court, published a few months ago. From
Mrs. Gilman's two volumes, here are some transquips:
 
 
Q. What is your brother-in-law's name?
A. Borofkin.
Q. What's his first name?
A. I can't remember.
Q. He's been your brother-in-law for years, and you can't remember his first
name?
A. No. I tell you I'm too excited. (Rising from the witness chair and pointing
to Mr. Borofkin.) Nathan, for God's sake, tell them your first name!
 --------
Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York?
A. I refuse to answer that question.
Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago?
A. I refuse to answer that question.
Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?
A. No.
 --------
Q. Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?
A. No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
 --------
Q. What is your name?
A. Ernestine McDowell.
Q. And what is your marital status?
A. Fair.
 --------
Q. Are you married?
A. No, I'm divorced.
Q. And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A. A lot of things I didn't know about.
 --------
Q. And who is this person you are speaking of?
A. My ex-widow said it.
 --------
Q. How did you happen to go to Dr. Cherney?
A. Well, a gal down the road had had several of her children by Dr. Cherney,
and said he was really good.
 --------
Q. Were you aquainted with the deceased?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Before or after he died?
 --------
Q. Officer, what led you to believe the defendant was under the influence?
A. Because he was argumentary and he couldn't pronunciate his words.
 --------
THE COURT: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present 
information
and prejudice from your minds, if you have any.
 --------
Q. Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A. No.
Q. What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A. Picking them up in the air.
Q. Where was the dog at this time?
A. Attached to the ears.
 --------
Q. When he went, had you gone and had she, if she wanted to and were able,
for the time being excluding all the restraints on her not to go, gone also,
would he have brought you, meaning you and she, with him to the station?
MR. BROOKS: Objection. That question should be taken out and shot.
 --------
Q. What is your relationship with the plaintiff?
A. She is my daughter.
Q. Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
 --------
Q. Now, you have investigated other murders, have you not, where there was a
victim?
 --------
Q. Did you tell your lawyer that your husband had offered you indignities?
A. He didn't offer me nothing; he just said I could have the furniture.
 --------
Q. So, after the anesthesia, when you came out of it, what did you observe
with respect to your scalp?
A. I didn't see my scalp the whole time I was in the hospital.
Q. It was covered?
A. Yes, bandaged.
Q. Then, later on.. what did you see?
A. I had a skin graft. My whole buttocks and leg were removed and put on top
of my head.
 --------
Q. Could you see him from where you were standing?
A. I could see his head.
Q. And where was his head?
A. Just above his shoulders.
 --------
Q. What can you tell us about he truthfulness and veracity of this 
defendant?
A. Oh, she will tell the truth. She said she'd kill that sonofabitch - and
she did!
 --------
Q. Do you drink when you're on duty?
A. I don't drink when I'm on duty, unless I come on duty drunk.
 --------
Q. ...any suggestions as to what prevented this from being a murder trial
instead of an attempted murder trial?
A. The victim lived.
 --------
Q. Are you sexually active?
A. No, I just lie there.
 --------
Q. Are you qualified to give a urine sample?
A. Yes, I have been since early childhood.
 --------
Q. The truth of the matter is that you were not an unbiased, objective
witness,
isn't it. You too were shot in the fracas?
A. No, sir. I was shot midway between the fracas and the naval.
 --------
Q. What is the meaning of sperm being present?
A. It indicates intercourse.
Q. Male sperm?
A. That is the only kind I know.
 --------
Q. Was that the same nose you broke as a child?SUBJECT: Soap Saga
 
 
    Attached is some correspondence which actually occurred between a London hotel's staff and one of its guests. The London hotel involved submitted this to the Sunday Times. No name was mentioned.
 
 
       WHAT TO DO WITH ALL THOSE "FREE" SOAPS WHEN TRAVELLING
 
    Dear Maid,
    Please do not leave any more of those little bars of soap in my bathroom since I have brought my own bath-sized Dial. Please remove the six unopened little bars from the shelf under the medicine chest and another three in the shower soap dish. They are in my way. Thank you,
                                             S. Berman
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Room 635,
    I am not your regular maid. She will be back tomorrow, Thursday, from her day off. I took the 3 hotel soaps out of the shower soap dish as you requested. The 6 bars on your shelf I took out of your way and put on top of your Kleenex dispenser in case you should change your mind. This leaves only the 3 bars I left today which my instructions from the management is to leave 3 soaps daily.
    I hope this is satisfactory.
                                             Kathy, Relief Maid
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Maid - I hope you are my regular maid.
    Apparently, Kathy did not tell you about my note to her concerning the little bars of soap. When I got back to my room this evening I found you had added 3 little Camays to the shelf under my medicine cabinet.
    I am going to be here in the hotel for two weeks and have brought my own bath-size Dial so I won't need those 6 little Camays which are on the shelf. They are in my way when shaving, brushing teeth, etc.
    Please remove them.
                                             S. Berman
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mr. Berman,
    My day off was last Wed. so the relief maid left 3 hotel soaps which we are instructed by the management. I took the 6 soaps which were in your way on the shelf and put them in the soap dish where your Dial was. I put the Dial in the medicine cabinet for your convenience. I didn't remove the 3 complimentary soaps which are always placed inside the medicine cabinet for all new check-ins and which you did not object to when you checked in last Monday.  Please let me know if I can of further assistance.
                                             Your regular maid,
                                             Dotty
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    Dear Mr. Berman,
    The assistant manager, Mr. Kensedder, informed me this a.m. that you called him last evening and said you were unhappy with your maid service. I have assigned a new girl to your room. I hope you will accept my apologies for any past inconvenience. If you have any future complaints please contact me so I can give it my personal attention. Call extension 1108 between 8 a.m. and 5p.m. Thank you.
                                             Elaine Carmen
                                             Housekeeper
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Miss Carmen,
    It is impossible to contact you by phone since I leave the hotel for business at 7.45 a.m. and don't get back before 5.30 or 6 p.m. That's the reason I called Mr. Kensedder last night. You were already off duty.
    I only asked Mr. Kensedder if he could do anything about those little bars of soap. The new maid you assigned me must have thought I was a new check-in today, since she left another 3 bars of hotel soap in my medicine cabinet along with her regular delivery of 3 bars on the bathroom shelf. In just 5 days here I have accumulated 24 little bars of soap. Why are you doing this to me?
                                             S. Berman
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mr. Berman,
    Your maid, Kathy, has been instructed to stop delivering soap to your room and remove the extra soaps.  If I can be of further assistance, please call extension 1108 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Thank you,
                                             Elaine Carmen,
                                             Housekeeper
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mr. Kensedder,
    My bath-size Dial is missing. Every bar of soap was taken from my room including my own bath-size Dial. I came in late last night and had to call the bellhop to bring me 4 little Cashmere Bouquets.
                                             S. Berman
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mr. Berman,
    I have informed our housekeeper, Elaine Carmen, of your soap problem.
    I cannot understand why there was no soap in your room since our maids are instructed to leave 3 bars of soap each time they service a room. The situation will be rectified immediately. Please accept my apologies for the inconvenience.
                                     Martin L. Kensedder
                                             Assistant Manager
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    Dear Mrs. Carmen,
    Who the hell left 54 little bars of Camay in my room?  I came in last night and found 54 little bars of soap. I don't want 54 little bars of Camay. I want my one damn bar of bath-size Dial. Do you realize I have 54 bars of soap in here? All I want is my bath size Dial.
    Please give me back my bath-size Dial.
                                             S. Berman
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mr. Berman,
    You complained of too much soap in your room so I had them removed.
    Then you complained to Mr. Kensedder that all your soap was missing so I personally returned them. The 24 Camays which had been taken and the 3 Camays you are supposed to receive daily (sic). I don't know anything about the 4 Cashmere Bouquets. Obviously your maid, Kathy, did not know I had returned your soaps so she also brought 24 Camays plus the 3 daily Camays. I don't know where you got the idea this hotel issues bath-size Dial. I was able to locate some bath-size Ivory which I left in your room.
                                             Elaine Carmen
                                             Housekeeper
 
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 
    Dear Mrs. Carmen,
    Just a short note to bring you up-to-date on my latest soap inventory.
 
    As of today I possess:
 
    - On shelf under medicine cabinet - 18 Camay in 4 stacks of 4 and 1 stack of 2.
    - On Kleenex dispenser - 11 Camay in 2 stacks of 4 and 1 stack of 3.
    - On bedroom dresser - 1 stack of 3 Cashmere Bouquet, 1 stack of 4 hotel-size Ivory, and 8 Camay in 2 stacks of 4.
    - Inside medicine cabinet - 14 Camay in 3 stacks of 4 and 1 stack of 2.
    - In shower soap dish - 6 Camay, very moist.
    - On northeast corner of tub - 1 Cashmere Bouquet, slightly used.
    - On northwest corner of tub - 6 Camays in 2 stacks of 3.
 
    Please ask Kathy when she services my room to make sure the stacks are neatly piled and dusted. Also, please advise her that stacks of more than 4 have a tendency to tip. May I suggest that my bedroom window sill is not in use and will make an excellent spot for future soap deliveries. One more item, I have purchased another bar of bath-sized Dial which I am keeping in the hotel vault in order to avoid further misunderstandings.
                                            S. BermanHow can you spot a happy motorcyclist?

By the bugs in his teeth.My karma ran over your dogma.

Cover me. I'm changing lanes.

I'm in no hurry, I'm on my way to work.

Hey idiot, hang up! You are driving a car, not a phone booth.  

Take your time, but hurry.

Speed kills, drive slow, get a Honda.

0 to 60... in 15 minutes.

If you don't like my driving, stay off the footpath.  

Why am I the only person on earth that knows how to drive?

Forget about world peace... visualize using your turn signal.

As a matter of fact, I DO own the road.  

Evacuate the road!!! STUDENT driving!!

Go on speeding, we'll cut you out (of your car ) -- Your Fire Dept.

Caution: Driver Sleeping.

Don't Think and Drive.  

Caution I swerve and hit people at random.

So many pedestrians, so little time.

Faster than a speeding ticket.

Caution: I drive like you do  

The driver has no money, he's married.

Stop reading my bumper stickers and pay attention to the road! :DA schoolteacher wanted to show her students how dangerous drinking alcohol could be. She brought a jar of alcohol and an earthworm to class one day to demonstrate its effects. She dropped the worm into the alcohol and it died instantly. She then asked her students what this proved.
One student raised his hand and said, "If you drink a lot of alcohol, you won't get worms."During the Irish Potato famine, a young Irish-Catholic woman was worried about the poverty of her family. She told her parents that she was going to America to seek her fortune. With many tears, they  let her go.

Years passed, and the woman returned home. She arrived in a private jet, dressed in a gorgeous designer gown, with dazzling, expensive jewelry. Her family was stunned by their daughter's wealth, and a more than a little curious at how she had come by it. The daughter finally confessed. "I hate to tell you this, but the reason I became so rich was because I became a prostitute."

Her father immediately collapsed in shock. The doctor was called, and he began to help the man. As the daughter wept at her father's bedside, she sobbed, "I didn't realize he would be so disappointed to hear I became a prostitute!"

The father sat bolt upright. "Prostitute?!" he exclaimed. "I thought you said 'Protestant'!""Honk if you hate noise pollution!"Yo momma so dumb she got hit by a parked car!If your ex-lover wants you back and you want him to know your serious, here's something you could say:

"Come on back and take yo space,
'cuz if you break my heart again, 
I'll break yo face".At the end of a T.V. show, why do they say "filmed in front of a live audience?"


Well, it wouldn't be a dead audience, would it?Why do Chickens have no breast?



Cause the Rooster has no hands!Storming into his lawyer's office, a Texas oil magnate demanded that divorce proceedings begin at once against his young bride. 
"What's the problem?" 

"I want to hit that adulterin' bitch for breach of contract," snapped the oil man. 

"I don't know if that will fly," said the lawyer. "I mean your wife isn't a piece of property; you don't own her!" 

"Damn right," the tycoon rejoined, "but I sure as hell expect exclusive drillin' rights!The kindergarten teacher is trying to explain to her class the definition of the word "definitely" to them. To make sure the students have a good understanding of the word, she asks them to use it in a sentence.

When called upon the first student says, "The sky is definitely blue."

The teacher said, "Well, that isn't entirely correct, because sometimes it's gray and cloudy."

Another student says, "Grass is definitely green."

Teacher again replies, "If grass doesn't get enough water it turns brown, so that isn't really correct."

Another student raises his hand and asks the teacher, "Do farts have lumps?"

The teacher replied, "No, and that is not a suitable question for class discussion."

The student replies, "Then I definitely pooped in my pants."A kid called up his mom from his college and asked her for some money, because he ran out of it.

Mom said, 'Sure, sweetie. I'll send you some money. You also left your calculus book here when you visited 2 weeks ago. Do you want me to send that up too?'

'Uh, oh yeah, OK,' responded the kid.

So Mom wrapped the book along with the checks up in a package, kissed Dad goodbye, and went to the post office to mail the money and the book.

When she gets back, Dad asked, 'Well how much did you give the boy this time?

Mom said, 'Oh, I wrote 2 checks, one for $20, and the other for $1000'

'That's $1020!!!' yelled Dad, 'Are you crazy???'

'Don't worry hon,' Mom said, as she kissed Dad on the on top of his bald head, 'I taped the $20 check to the cover of his book, but I put the $1000 one somewhere between the pages in Chapter 19!'One day a blond and a redhead were talking on the phone.
Blonde:My doctor told me I have to lose about ten pounds.
Redhead:Oh really? Do you know what you going to do?
Blonde: No not at all... hey you lost wieght recently. How did you do it?
Redhead: I used the special K diet 
blonde:Whats that?
Redhead:Well you eat a bowl of special K for lunch and one for breakfast and have a sensable dinner each day. I lost 5 pounds in a week
Blonde: Okay thanks!
a week later the blonde calls back her friend
Redhead: How did it work?
blonde:Not well at all i gained 5 pounds
redhead: Really did you follow my intructions exactly?
blonde: Well no but i had to lose double the wieght
Redhead: Well what did you do?
blonde: Well i figured that if 1 bowl for both breakfast and lunch was good for 5 pounds then two bowls for both breakfast and lunch would be good for ten.A jealous husband hired a private detective to check on the movements of his wife. The husband wanted more than a written report; he wanted video of his wife's activities.

A week later, the detective returned with a video. They sat down together to watch it. Although the quality was less than professional, the man saw his wife meeting another man! He saw the two of them laughing in the park. He saw them enjoying themselves at an outdoor cafe. He saw them dancing in a dimly lit nightclub. He saw the man and his wife participate in a dozen activities with utter glee.

"I just can't believe this," the distraught husband said.

The detective said, "What's not to believe? It's right up there on the screen!"

The husband replied, "I can't believe that my wife could be so much fun!"A man sat in his attorney's office.

"Do you want the bad news first or the terrible news?" the lawyer asked.

"Give me the bad news first."

"Your wife found a picture worth a half-million dollars."

"That's the bad news?" asked the man, incredulously. "I can't wait to hear the terrible news."

"The terrible news is that it's of you and your secretary."A New York man was forced to take a day off from work to appear for a minor traffic summons. He grew increasingly restless as he waited hour after endless hour for his case to be heard.

When his name was called late in the afternoon, he stood before the judge, only to hear that court would be adjourned for the day, and he would have to return the next day.

"What for?" he snapped at the judge.

His honor, equally irked by a tedious day and sharp query roared, "Twenty dollars contempt of court. That's why!"

Then, noticing the man checking his wallet, the judge relented.

"That's all right. You don't have to pay now."

The young man replied, "I'm just seeing if I have enough for two more words."I once knew a boy who was dating his left hand and having an affair with his right.A blonde goes on vacation to New York and wants to take a tour.  

She goes to ask about the tours and says, "So, where can I catch the bus for the walking tour?"Dear Abby:

My husband is a liar and a cheat. He has cheated on me from the beginning, and when I confront him, he denies everything. What's worse, everyone knows he cheats on me. It is so humiliating. Since he lost his job five years ago, he hasn't even looked for a new one. All he does is buy cigars and cruise around and bullshit with his pals, while I have to work to pay the bills. Since our daughter went away to college he doesn't even pretend to like me and hints that I am a lesbian.

What should I do?

Signed, Clueless


Dear Clueless:

Grow up and dump him. For Pete's sake, you don't need him any more.
You're a United States Senator from New York. Act like it!A blonde boards a flight going to New York and sits in first class.  A flight attendant asks to see her ticket.  It's a coach ticket.  The flight attendant politely asks her to move.  "I can do what eva I want! I'm a blonde." says the blonde. The flight attendant tells one of the other flight attendants that the blonde won't move. The second flight attendant walks up to the blonde and says something to her and the blonde goes to coach. "What did you say to her?" asks the first flight attendant. "I told her that first class wasnt going to New York, only coach is."The below are valid reasons as to why drinking should be allowed at work. If you use them wisely, you may even be able to convince your boss into allowing alcohol.

1. It's an incentive to show up.
2. It reduces stress.
3. It leads to more honest communications.
4. It reduces complaints about low pay. 
5. It cuts down on time off because you can work with a hangover.
6. Employees tell management what they think, not what management wants to hear.
7. It helps save on heating costs in the winter.
8. It encourages carpooling.
9. Increases job satisfaction because if you have a bad job you don't care.
10. It eliminates vacations because people would rather come to work.
11. It makes fellow employees look better.
12. It makes the cafeteria food taste better.
13. Bosses are more likely to hand out raises when they are wasted.
14. Salary negotiations are a lot more profitable.
15. If somebody does something stupid on the job, it will be quickly forgotten.A new man is brought into Prison Cell 102. 
Already there is a long-time resident who looks 100 years old. 
The new man looks at the old-timer inquiringly. 
The old-timer says, "Look at me. I'm old and worn out. 
You'd never believe that I used to live the life of Riley. 
I wintered on the Riviera, had a boat, four fine cars, the most beautiful women, and I ate in all the best restaurants of France." 
The new man asked, "What happened?" 
"One day Riley reported his credit cards missing!"A blonde is eating out at a very fancy restaurant with her family.  Right then she sees an ice carving of a dolphin by the wall. 

She says to the waiter, "I love that ice carving, but what do you do with it when it melts?"A blind man was describing his favorite sport, parachuting. 

When asked how this was accomplished, he said that things were all done for him: "I am placed in the door with my seeing eye dog and told when to jump. My hand is placed on my release ring for me and out I go with the dog."

"But how do you know when you are going to land?" he was asked. "I have a very keen sense of smell, and I can smell the trees and grass when I am 300 feet from the ground" he answered.

"But how do you know when to lift your legs for the final arrival on the ground?" he was again asked.

He answered: "Oh, the dog's leash goes slack."A blonde was telling her priest a Polack joke, when halfway through the priest interrupts her, "Don't you know I'm Polish?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," the blonde apologizes, "do you want me to start over and talk slower?"Wonder if you are a redneck....Well, if you have been married four times and still have the same in-laws you must be.Sunday's sermon was -- Forgive Your Enemies. Toward the end of the service, the Minister asked, "How many of you have forgiven your enemies?"

80 percent of the congregation held up their hands. The Minister then repeated his question. All responded this time except one small elderly lady. "Mrs. Jones, are you not willing to forgive your enemies?" the minister asked. 

"I don't have any." She replied. smiling sweetly.

"Mrs. Jones, That is very unusual. How old are you?"

"Ninety-Eight." She replied.

"Oh, Mrs. Jones. Would you please come down in front and tell us all how a person can live ninety-eight years and not have an enemy in the world."

 The little sweetheart of a lady tottered down the aisle, faced the congregation, and said, "I outlived the bitches."The tourist had lost his way on a back road and stopped at the farmhouse to ask if he could be put up for the night. "Well, we're a mighty crowded, since there's already someone in the spare room" replied the farmer. "But I guess you can stay if you don't mind sharing the bed with a red haired schoolteacher."

"Look," said the tourist, "I want you to know I'm a gentleman."

"Well," mused the farmer, "as far as I can tell, so is the red haired schoolteacher."When the ark's door was closed Noah called a meeting with all the animals. 

"Listen up!" Noah said with a demanding voice. "There will be NO sex on this trip. All of you males take off your penis and hand it in to my sons. 

I will sit over there and write you a receipt. After we see land, you can get your penis back." 

After about a week Mr. Rabbit stormed into his wife's cage and was very excited. "Quick!" he said, "Get on my shoulders and look out the window to see if there is any land out there!" Mrs. Rabbit got onto his shoulders, looked out the window, and said, "Sorry, no land yet." "Damn!", exclaimed Mr. Rabbit. 

This went on every day until Mrs. Rabbit got fed up with him. Mrs. Rabbit asked, "What is the matter with you? You know it will rain for forty days and nights. Only after the water has drained will we be able to see land. But why are you acting so excited every day?" 

"Look!", said Mr. Rabbit with a sly expression, as he held out a piece of paper, "I GOT THE HORSE'S RECEIPT!!"A very traditional elderly woman was enjoying a good game of bridge with her girlfriends one evening. "Oh, no! I have to rush home and fix dinner for my husband! He's going to be really ticked if it's not ready on time!" she exclaimed suddenly. 

When she got home, she realized that she didn't have enough time to go to the supermarket, and all she had in the cupboard was a wilted lettuce leaf, an egg, and a can of cat food. In a panic, she opened the can of cat food, stirred in the egg, and garnished it with the lettuce leaf just as her husband pulled up. 

She greeted her husband and then watched in horror as he sat down to his dinner. To her surprise, the husband really enjoyed his dinner. "Darling, this is the best dinner you have made for me in forty years of marriage. You can make this for me any old day." 

Needless to say, every bridge night from then on, the woman made her husband the same dish. She told her bridge cronies about it and they were all horrified. 

"You're going to kill him!" they exclaimed. 

Two months later, her husband died. 

The women were sitting around the table playing bridge when one of the cronies said, "You killed him! We told you that feeding him that cat food every week would do him in! How can you just sit there so calmly and play bridge knowing you murdered your husband?" 

The wife stoically replied, "I didn't kill him. He fell off the mantel while he was licking his butt."Some race horses are staying in a stable. One of them starts to boast about his track record. "In the last 15 races, I've won 8 of them!"

Another horse breaks in, "Well, in the last 27 races, I've won 19!"

"Oh, that's good, but in the last 36 races, I've won 28!" says another, flicking his tail.

At this point, they notice that a greyhound has been sitting there, listening. "I don't mean to boast," says the greyhound, "but in my last 90 races, I've won 88 of them!"

The horses are clearly amazed.

"Wow!" says one, after a hushed silence. "A talking dog."Top Ten Reasons to Procrastinate

1.Q: How many colorguard girls does it take to change a lightbulb?

A: Five, one to call the colorguard forward and four to take it down with a ceremony.A young blonde stock broker was bored with driving her BMW. It lacked individuality and besides that, every other girl in the office had one. She fancied something a bit more individual, perhaps an MG convertible.

That week she visited her local car dealer and spied a beautiful Jaguar XK140 convertible. It was wonderfully restored and she fell in love with its gorgeous red paint job. An empty check stub later, and off she was tearing down the leafy country lanes enjoying her beautiful new car. Her long blonde hair was flowing in the wind, music blaring from the radio, what could possibly go wrong?

At that thought there was a splutter from the engine and the car coasted to a stop. She got out and lifted the bonnet and concluded after a few minutes that she didn't have a bloody clue what was wrong. Luckily she had her mobile phone with her, and a quick phone call to the AutoClub and a short wait saw a bright shiny yellow van pull up behind her.

"That's a lovely car," said the mechanic. "What seems to be the matter?" "Well, it just conked out I'm afraid."

"Let me have look." He set to work and ten minutes later the engine was purring like a cat again.

"Thank goodness," she said. "What was the matter?" "Simple really, just crap in the carburetor," he replied.

Looking shocked she asked, "Oh, OK... How many times a week do I have to do that?"A student of proctology is in the morgue one day after classes, wanting to get a little practice in before the final exams.He goes over to a table where a body is lying face down. He uncovers the sheet over the body, and to his surprise he finds a cork in the corpse's rectum.

Figuring that this is fairly unusual, he pulls the cork out, and to his surprise, music begins playing:

"On the road again...just can't wait to get on the road again..." The student is amazed, and places the cork back in the backside. The music stops. Totally freaked out, the student calls the Medical Examiner over to the corpse.

"Look at this, this is really something," the student tells the examiner as he pulls the cork back out again. "On the road again...just can't wait to get on the road again..."

"So what?" the Medical Examiner replies, obviously unimpressed with the student's discovery.

"But isn't that the most amazing thing you've ever seen?" asked the student.

"Are you kidding?" replied the Examiner, "Any asshole can sing country music."Three guys enter a disabled swimming contest. The first has no arms. The second no legs and the third has no body, just a head. They all line up, the whistle blows and "splash" they're all in the pool

The guy with no arms takes the lead instantly but the guy with no legs is closing fast. The head of course sank straight to the bottom.

Ten lengths later and the guy with no legs finishes first. He can still see bubbles coming from the bottom of the pool, so he decides he had better dive down to rescue him.

He picks up the head, swims back up to the surface and places the head at the side of the pool, where upon the head starts coughing and sputtering.

Eventually the head catches his breath and shouts: "Three years I've spent learning to swim with my !@#$% ears, then two minutes before the whistle, some idiot puts a swimming cap on me!"What do PSP's and Michael Jackson have in common? 




The both get turned on by little boys!!!Yo mama is so fat she's scared to look at low fat food!Did u here Michael Jackson is sick? 


He had a 10 year old penis!!!Why was the cemetary so crowded?  


Everyone was dying to get in!!!!A kid said "I have a dirty joke; a kid fell in the mud".

Another kid said, "I know a dirty joke; two kids fell into a pile of mud".

Then the other kid said, "Well, I bet I have the dirtest joke of all; 2 pigs fell into a pile of mud and 3 came out!"A woman hurries home, screeches her car into the driveway, runs into the house, slams the door and shouts at the top of her lungs, "Honey, pack your bags. I won the lottery!" 

The husband says, "Oh my God! What should I pack, beach stuff or mountain stuff?"

"Doesn't matter," she says. "Just get the hell out."Joke: Why does Snoop Dogg Carry an umbrella?




Answer: For Drizzle my nizzleYo Momma is so fat the other day she was late to work and her stomach was an hour early.Don't follow in my footsteps, I walk into walls.Perhaps the Most Truthful: on Microsoft marketing:
"There won't be anything we won't say to people to try and convince them that our way is the way to go."

Not on his mind while developing Win9X..circa 1981...
"640K ought to be enough for anybody."

On the solid code base of Win9X... thanks WPW!
"If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." 

from "OS/2 Programmer's Guide" (forward by Bill Gates):
"I believe OS/2 is destined to be the most important operating system, and possibly program, of all time. As the successor to DOS, which has over 10,000,000 systems in use, it creates incredible opportunities for everyone involved with PCs."

Bill Gates, Free Market and the LA Times Thanks GC!
"There are people who don't like capitalism, and people who don't like PCs. But there's no-one who likes the PC who doesn't like Microsoft" 

From the back of an old Digitalk Smalltalk/V PM manual, 1990:
"This is the right way to develop applications for OS/2 PM. OS/2 PM is a tremendously rich environment, which makes it inherently complex. Smalltalk/V PM removes that complexity and lets you concentrate on writing great programs. Smalltalk/V PM is the kind of tool that will make OS/2 the successor to MS/DOS".

from "OS/2 Notebook", Microsoft Press, (c) 1990 - an excerpt from an interview with Bill Gates and Jim Cannavino, p. 614:
Developer: Does the announcement [of the OS/2 joint development agreement between IBM and Microsoft] mean that Microsoft is curtailing any plans for future development of Windows?
Gates: Microsoft has not changed any of its plans for Windows. It is obvious that we will not include things like threads and preemptive multitasking in Windows. By the time we added that, you would have OS/2.

There's a reason they threw it away...
from "Programmers at Work" by Microsoft Press, interview with Bill (found on comp.os.os2.advocacy),
Interviewer: Is studying computer science the best way to prepare to be a programmer?

Gates: No, the best way to prepare is to write programs, and to study great programs that other people have written. In my case, I went to the garbage cans at the Computer Science Center and I fished out listings of their operating system.

Only the finest Microsoft marketing! (submitted by BarryB):
"If you don't know what you need Windows NT for, you don't need it." 

On the Box of Windows 2.11 for 286 (submitted by GLDM)
"New interface closely resembles Presentation Manager, preparing you for the wonders of OS/2!"

On code stability, from Focus Magazine (submitted by Benedikt Heinen Microsoft programs are generally bug-free. If you visit the Microsoft hotline, you'll literally have to wait weeks if not months until someone calls in with a bug in one of our programs. 99.99% of calls turn out to 
be user mistakes.
[...] 
I know not a single less irrelevant reason for an update than bugfixes. The reasons for updates are to present more new features.

Unconfirmed quotes:

Microsoft's GUI innovations... 1983 (thanks E.R.)
"Imagine the disincentive to software development if after months of work another company could come along and copy your work and market it under its own name...without legal restraints to such copying, companies like Apple could not afford to advance the state of the art."

Even more 1984 predictions (thanks Scott Renyen)
"The next generation of interesting software will be made on a Macintosh, not an IBM PC."Everything I Need to Know, I Learned in Corporate America.
 
 
 1. Indecision is the key to flexibility.
 
 2. You can't tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
 
 3. There is absolutely no substitute for a genuine lack of preparation.
 
 4. Happiness is merely the remission of pain.
 
 5. Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
 
 6. Sometimes too much to drink is not enough.
 
 7. The facts, although interesting, are irrelevant.
 
 8. The careful application of terror is also a form of communication.
 
 9. Someone who thinks logically is a nice contrast to the real world.
 
10. Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
 
11. Anything worth fighting for is worth fighting dirty for.
 
12. Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.
 
13. Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
 
14. I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
 
15. Suicide is the most sincere form of self-criticism.
 
16. If you think there is good in everybody, you haven't met everybody.
 
17. All things being equal, fat people use more soap.
 
18. If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
 
19. One seventh of your life is spent on Monday.
 
20. Every time you make ends meet, they move the ends.
 
21. Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious.
 
22. The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.
 
23. There is always one more imbecile than you counted on.
 
24. This is as bad as it can get, but don't count on it.
 
25. Never wrestle a pig.  You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
 
26. The trouble with life is, you're halfway through it before you
    realize it's a do-it-yourself thing.Q: Why are dumb blonde jokes so short?
A: So brunettes can remember them. 

Q: What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?
A: You pick it up pull the pin & throw it back. 

Q: What happened to the blonde tap dancer? 
A: She slipped off and fell down the drain. 

Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer? 
A: The joystick is wet. 

Q: What's the quickest way to get into a blondes pants?
A: Pick them up off the floor. 

Q: Why don't blonds play frisbee? 
A: It hurts their teeth. 

Q: What do you call a blonde with half a brain? 
A: Gifted! 

Q: How do blonde braincells die ? 
A: Alone. 

Q: Why don't blondes eat bananas? 
A: They can't find the zipper. 

Q: How did the blonde try to kill the fish? 
A: She tried to drown it. 

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a 747?
A: Not everyone has been in a 747.Knock-Knock.
Who's there?
Yoo who?
No thanks.While at work this man heard a very funny knock-knock joke. He told himself, "Although my wife is blonde I'm sure she will get this one!" Upon arriving home that night he proceeded to tell his wife about this joke he had heard. "Knock-knock," he said. She said, "Hold on honey, let me answer the door."Yo Momma's stinks so bad, she puts on Secret and it told on her.*Famous Sports Quotes*

"Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein."
- Football commentator and former player Joe Theismann

"I'm going to graduate on time, no matter how long it takes."
- Senior basketball player at the University of Pittsburgh

"You guys pair up in groups of three, then line up in a circle"
- Bill Peterson, a Florida State football coach

"That's so when I forget how to spell my name, I can still find my clothes."
- Stu Grimson, Chicago Blackhawks left wing, explaining why he keeps a color photo of himself above his locker

"You guys line up alphabetically by height!"
- Bill Peterson, a Florida State football coach

"I play football. I'm not trying to be a professor. The tests don't seem to make sense to me, measuring your brain on stuff I haven't been through in school."
- Clemson recruit Ray Forsythe, who was ineligible as a freshman because of academic requirements

"I know the Virginia players are smart because you need a 1500 SAT to get in. I have to drop bread crumbs to get our players to and from class."
- George Raveling, Washington State basketball coach

"Why would anyone expect him to come out smarter? He went to prison for three years, not Princeton."
- Boxing promoter Dan Duva on Mike Tyson hooking up again with promoter Don King

"I can't really remember the names of the clubs that we went to."
- Shaquille O'Neal on whether he had visited the Parthenon during his visit to Greece.Two friends went to the mall to go shopping; one was a brunette and the other was blonde.
As they were shopping, the blonde suddenly said: "That girl could pass as my twin."
The brunette starts laughing. The blonde says: "What is so funny?" The brunette says, "That was a mirror."You might be a redneck if when someone says: "Do you have any duct tape?" And you say: "I don't have any ducks on tapes but I've got some on my wall."Little johnny was heard praying in a loud voice a week before his birthday. 
"Dear God I pray that I will get a computer game for my birthday!" 
"Why are you shouting" asked his mother "God isn't deaf?!?!?!?!?"
"I know said Johnny, but grandma is!"yo mama is so fat people run around her for exercizeCan you tell if this lady is blonde?

After placing an order in the drive-thru, the lady came on the speaker and asked: "Is that for here, or to go?"Yo momma is so fat, when she was laying on the beach, everyone was screaming, saying "Look it's Free Willy!!!!''Yo mama is so fat, when someone wants to shake her hand she has to give directions!A man comes home from work and finds his wife admiring her breasts in the mirror. He asks, "What are you doing?" 

She replies, "I went to the doctor today, and he told me I have the breasts of a 25 year old." 

The husband retorts, "Well, what did he say about your 50 year old ass?" 


She replied, "Frankly dear, your name never came up."George Carlin Speaks Out... 

I Am Your Worst Nightmare. I am a BAD American. 
I am George Carlin. 

I like big cars, big hooters, and big paychecks. 
I believe the money I make belongs to me and my family, not some midlevel governmental functionary with a bad comb-over who wants to give it away to crack addicts squirting out babies. 

I believe that if you are selling me a Big Mac, you'd better do it in English. 
I'm not in touch with my feelings and I like it that way. 
I believe that it doesn't take a village to raise a child, it takes two parents. 
I think owning a gun doesn't make you a killer. 

I want to know which church is it exactly where the Reverend Jesse Jackson preaches. And where does he get his money. And why is he always part of the problem and not the solution. 

I believe if she has her lips on your willie, it is sex, and it is sex for both of you. This even applies when you are President of the United States. 

I think that being a student doesn't give you any more enlightenment than working at Blockbuster. In fact, if your parents are footing the bill to put your pansy ass through 4-7 years of college, you haven't begun to be enlightened. 

I believe everyone has a right to pray to his or her God or gods, just leave the rest of us out of it. This also applies to sexuality. 

I believe it's called the Boy Scouts for a reason. 
I don't think being a minority makes you noble or victimized. 
I don't use the excuse "it's for the children" as a shield for unpopular opinions or actions. 
I think fireworks should be legal on the 4th of July. 
My heroes are John Wayne, the Simpsons, and whoever canceled Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. 
I don't hate the rich. I don't pity the poor. 
I know wrestling is fake and I don't waste my time arguing about it. 

I think global warming is a big lie. Where are all those experts now, when I am freezing my ass through a long winter? 

I've never owned a slave, or was a slave, I didn't wander forty years in the desert after getting chased out of Egypt, I haven't burned any witches or been persecuted by the Turks and neither have you, so shut up already. 

I think the cops have every right to shoot your sorry ass if you're running from them. I also think they have the right to pull your ass over if you are breaking the law, regardless of what color you are. 

I think if you are too stupid to know how a ballot works, I don't want you deciding who should be running the most powerful nation of the world for the next four years. 

I think if you are in the passing lane, and not passing, your license should be revoked, and you should be forced to ride the bus until you promise to never delay the rest of us again. 

I think beef jerky could quite possibly be the perfect food. 
I think tattoos and piercing are fine if you want them, but please don't pretend they are a political statement. 
I think Dr. Seuss was a genius. 
I'm neither angry nor disenfranchised, no matter how desperately the mainstream media would like the world to believe otherwise. 

If that makes me a BAD American, then yes, I'm a BAD American. 
If you too are a BAD American please forward this to everyone you know. 

We need our country back!A brunette doing laundry asked her blonde friend to help her find a match for her sock. The blonde replied, ''What for? Are you going to set it on fire?''A mathematician, an accountant and an economist apply for the same job.

The interviewer calls in the mathematician and asks "What do two plus two equal?"

The mathematician replies "Four."
 
The interviewer asks "Four, exactly?" The mathematician looks at the interviewer incredulously and says, "Yes, four, exactly."

Then the interviewer calls in the accountant and asks the same question "What do two plus two equal?"

The accountant says, "On average, four - give or take ten percent, but on average, four."

Then the interviewer calls in the economist and poses the same question "What do two plus two equal?"

The economist gets up, locks the door, closes the shade, sits down next to the interviewer and says "What do you want it to equal?"A herd of buffalo can move only as fast as the slowest buffalo, and when the herd is hunted, it is the slowest and weakest ones at the back that are killed first. This natural selection is good for the herd as a whole, because the general speed and health of the whole group keeps improving by the regular killing of the weakest members. 
In much the same way the human brain can only operate as fast as the slowest brain cells. Excessive intake of alcohol, we all know, kills off brain cells, but naturally it attacks the slowest and weakest brain cells first. 

In this way, regular consumption of beer eliminates the weaker brain cells, constantly making the brain a faster and more efficient machine.Day 751: My captors continue to torment me with bizarre dangling objects.  They eat lavish meals in my presence while I am forced to subsist on dry cereal.  The only thing that keeps me going is the hope of eventual escape -- that, and the satisfaction I get from occasionally ruining some piece of their furniture.  

I fear I may be going insane.  Yesterday, I ate a houseplant. Tomorrow I may eat another.Justification for beer and ice cream! But stay away from the pizza!

As we all know, it takes 1 calorie to heat 1 gram of water 1 degree centigrade. Translated into meaningful terms, this means that if you eat a very cold dessert (generally consisting of water in large part), the natural processes which raise the consumed dessert to body temperature during the digestive cycle literally suck the calories out of the only available source, your body fat.

For example, a dessert served and eaten at near 0 degrees C (32.2 deg. F) will, in a short time, be raised to the normal body temperature of 37 degrees C (98.6 deg. F).  For each gram of dessert eaten, that process takes approximately 37 calories as stated above.  The average dessert portion is 6 oz, or 168 grams.  Therefore, by operation of thermodynamic law, 6,216 calories (1 cal./gm/deg. x 37 deg. x 168 gms) are extracted from body fat as the dessert's temperature is normalized.

Allowing for the 1,200 latent calories in the dessert, the net calorie loss is approximately 5,000 calories.

Obviously, the more cold dessert you eat,the better off you are and the faster you will lose weight, if that is your goal.

This process works equally well when drinking very cold beer in frosted glasses.  Each ounce of beer contains 16 latent calories, but extracts 1,036 calories (6,216 cal. per 6 oz. portion) in the temperature normalizing process.  Thus the net calorie loss per ounce of beer is 1,020 calories.  It doesn't take a rocket scientist to calculate that 12,240 calories (12 oz. x 1,020 cal./oz.) are extracted from the body in the process of drinking a can of beer.

Frozen desserts, e.g., ice cream, are even more beneficial, since it takes 83 cal./gm to melt them (i.e., raise them to 0 deg. C) and an additional 37 cal./gm to further raise them to body temperature. The results here are really remarkable, and it beats running hands down.

Unfortunately, for those who eat pizza as an excuse to drink beer, pizza (loaded with latent calories and served above body temperature) induces an opposite effect.  But, thankfully, as the astute reader should have already reasoned, the obvious solution is to drink a lot of beer with pizza and follow up immediately with large bowls of ice cream.

We could all be thin if we were to adhere religiously to a pizza, beer, and ice cream diet.

Happy eating!How do blonde brain cells die?
Unused...How many stupid blondes does it take to make a circuit? 

Two - one to stand inside the bath, the other to pass the hair dryer.Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? 
A: You only have to punch information into a computer once.Q: Why is it okay for blondes to catch a cold? 
A: No need for them to worry about blowing their brains out.When I was a young turkey, new to the coop, 
my big brother Tom took me out on the stoop, 
then he sat me down, and he spoke real slow, 
and he told me there was something that I had to know. 
His look and his tone I will always remember, 
when he told me of the horrors of.... Black November. 
"Come around August, now listen to me, 
each day you'll get six meals instead of just three, 
and soon you'll be thick, where once you were thin, 
and you'll grow a big rubbery thing under your chin. 
And then one morning, when you're warm in your bed, 
in will burst the farmer's wife, and hack off your head, 
Then she'll pluck out all your feathers so you're bald 'n pink, 
and scoop out all your insides and leave ya lyin' in the sink. 
And then comes the worst part", he said not bluffing, 
"She'll spread your cheeks and pack your rear with stuffing". 
Well, the rest of his words were too grim to repeat, 
and as I sat on the stoop like a winged piece of meat, 
I decided on the spot that to avoid being cooked, 
I'd have to lay low and remain overlooked. 
I began a new diet of nuts and granola, 
high-roughage salads, juice and diet cola. 
And as they ate pastries, chocolates and crepes, 
I stayed in my room doing my fitness tapes. 
I maintained my weight of two pounds and a half, 
and tried not to notice when the bigger birds laughed. 
But 'twas I who was laughing, under my breath, 
as they chomped and they chewed, ever closer to death. 
And sure enough when Black November rolled around, 
I was the last turkey left in the entire compound. 
So now I'm a pet in the farmer's wife's lap. 
I haven't a worry, so I eat and I nap. 
She held me today, while sewing and humming, 
and smiled at me and said..... "Christmas is coming..."I've often wanted to drown my troubles, 
but i can't get my wife to go swimming!Yo momma so nasty I was on the phone with her, and she gave me an ear infection.Yo momma's breath is so stank, that they consider it a weapon of mass destruction.Few women admit their age, Few men act theirs.Never test the depth of water with both feet.

Don't take candy from strangers, unless they offer you a ride.

I'll start exercising as soon as i get into shape.

If you have something to say, raise your hand and put it over your mouth.

Maybe you should go to e-bay and buy a clue.

Earth is full. go home.

Gee, I'd like to care, but I wasn't given that gene.

Mirrors don't lie, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either. (i like this one)

If you can't laugh at yourself, at least let me do it.

I don't know what makes you so dumb, but it really works.

Men are from Mars, Women are from Visa. (ok that was kind'a dumb)

I used to have super powers but my therapist took them away.What do you call it when someone farts in a gay bar?

A love call.Q. How do lesbians handle their liquor?
A. By the ears. (Lick her)Q. What do tight pants and a cheap motel have in common?
A. No ball roomQ. What did the pedophile say when he got out of jail?
A. I feel like a kid again!Q. If they bring shrimp home on shrimp boats, fish home on fish boats, and clams home on clam boats, what do they bring crabs home on?
A. The Captain's dinghy!A man walks into a hamburger shop and orders a regular meal. Later, the waitress brings him his meal. He takes a bite out of it, and notices there's a small hair in the hamburger. He begins yelling frantically at the waitress, exclaiming, "Waitress!  There's a hair in my hamburger! I demand to see what's going on!"

So, the waitress takes him back to the kitchen where the cook is, and to the man's demise, he sees the cook take the meat patty and flatten it under his arm pit. The distraught customer says, "That's disgusting!"

Then the waitress says, "You think that's disgusting?  You should see him make donuts."A woman was standing in a crowded lift of the hotel she was staying in. When a man got in and accidentally elbowed her in the breast. The man said, "I'm sorry! But if your heart is as soft as your tit, you'll forgive me." so the woman replies, "If you dick is as hard as your elbow then I am staying in room 113."A patient was waiting for some results from his doctor. When the doctor arrives he says, 
"I have some good news and some bad news which do you want first."
The patient says, "Give me the bad news first!"
Doctor replies, "You've got AIDS."
"Oh, no! What could be worse than that?" asks the patient.
"You've also got Alzheimer's Disease."
Looking relieved the patient says, "Oh...Well, that's not so bad. At least I don't have AIDS."A mechanical engineer, an electrical engineer and a MCSE (Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer) were out driving, when their car broke down, and they couldn't get it started. 
The mechanical engineer suggested that it was a failure somewhere in the drive train, but after checking it out he found that the engine and transmission were fine. 
The electrical engineer thought it might be the ignition system; lifted the hood, checked for a spark, and found that everything was OK. 
The MCSE was driving, and suddenly gets out of the car, slams the door, opens the hood and looks inside, slams that, gets back into the car, opens and closes all the windows and looks at his passengers and says, "There, it should start right up now..."Man: How many asian people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Asian Man: Whats a lightbulb?A blonde goes to the store and gets a box of almonds. As she is allergic to nuts, she asks a clerk at the counter, "Does this contain nut ingredients?"A blond goes into a pizza shop for a snack.  She orders, "May I have a veggie pizza slice with all the works?"

The worker says, "That would be our combo pizza."

The blond says, "No, thanks.  I'll stay with the veggie slice."Bob and Joe, a couple of personal injury lawyers, were discussing conditions in the legal profession. "How's business?" asked Bob. 
"Absolutely rotten!" responded Joe. "How have you been doing?" "Even worse," Bob replied. "I just chased an ambulance twelve miles and found a LAWYER inside it."Acme Rope, Inc. -
Knot your ordinary company.

Acme Mine Shafts -
Drop in any time

Acme Lollipops -
One lick and you'll stick with us.

Acme Light Company -
We have lots of bright ideas.

Acme Clown Make-up -
Let us put a smile on your face.

Acme Perfume Corp. -
We love it when business stinks.

Acme Air Conditioning -
We show people how to chill out.

Acme Toy Company -
Our work is kids' play.

Acme Perfume Company -
Our work is all dollars and scents.

Acme Almond Company -
We're nuts!

Acme Sheep Farm -
Our mind is on ewe. 

Acme Calculators -
We help you solve your problems.

Acme Flower Bulbs -
We root for you.

Acme Psychologists -
Visit us and you won't go away mad!

Acme Poultry Management -
Let us count your chickens before they hatch.ACURA
Another Crummy, Useless, Rotten Automobile 
Asia's Curse Upon Rural America

AMC 
All Makes Combined 
A Major Cost 
A Mutated Car 
A Morons Car 
Another Major Catastrophe

AUDI 
Awfully Unsafe Designs Implemented 
Accelerates Under Demonic Influence 
Automobile Under Demonic Influence 
Another Ugly Deutsche Invention 
Always Undermining Deutsche Intelligence 
Automobile Unsafe Designs, Inc.

BMW 
Big Money Works 
Bought My Wife 
Brutal Money Waster 
Break My Window 
Break My Windshield 
Babbling Mechanical Wench 
Beastly Monstrous Wonder 
Beautiful Masterpieces on Wheels 
Beautiful Mechanical Wonder 
Barely Moving Wreck 
Big Money Waste 
Big Money. Why? 
Big Money Works 
Born Moderately Wealthy 
Breaks Most Wrenches 
Bring More Wrenches 
Brings Me Women 
Brings More Women 
Broken Money Waster 
Broke My Wallet 
Broken Monstrous Wonder 
Bumbling Mechanical Wretch 
Blasphemous Motorized Wreck

BUICK
Big Ugly Indestructible Car Killer 
Big Ugly Imitation Chrome King

CHEVROLET
Can Hear Every Valve Rap On Long Extended Trips 
Cheap, Hardly Efficient, Virtually Runs On Luck Every Time 
Cracked Heads, Every Valve Rattles, Oil Leaks Every Time 
Constantly Having Every Vehicle Recalled Over Lousy Engineering Techniques

DODGE
Drips Oil & Drops Grease Everywhere 
Damn Old Dirty Gas Eater 
Dead Old Dog Going East 
Dead On Day Guarantee Expires 
Dead On Delivery, Go Easy 
Dead On Delivery, Guarantee Expired 
Dead Or Dying Garbage Emitter 
Dear Old Dads Garage Experiment
Daily Overhauls Do Get Expensive

EDSEL
Every Day Something Else Leaks

FIAT
Failed Italian Automotive Technology 
Fix It Again, Tony! 
Feeble Italian Attempt at Transportation

FORD
Frigin' Old Rebuilt Dodge 
Fix Or Repair Daily 
Found On Road Dead 
Fast Only Rolling Downhill 
First On Race Day 
First On Recall Day 
Fabricated Of Refried Dung 
Fails On Rainy Days 
Fantastically Orgasmic Realistic Dream 
Fatally Obese Redneck Driver 
Fault Of R&D 
Finally Obsolete Racing Device 
Fireball On Rear Denting 
First On Road to Dump 
First On Rust and Deterioration 
Fix Or Recycle Dilemma 
Flipping Over Results in Death 
Flipped Over Roadside Disaster 
Follow Our Rusty Dogsled 
Foot On Road Decelerates 
Forced On Reluctant Drivers 
Formed Of Rejected DNA 
Forwarded Once; Return Denied 
Forward Only; Reverse Defective 
Forlorn, Old, Ratridden Dustbin 
Fork Over Repair Dough 
Fouled Out Re-done Dodge 
Frequent Overhaul, Rapid Deterioration 
Free Or Reduced Drastically 
Frequent Opinion Really Disappointed 
Fumes and Odors Readily Detectable 
Funny Old Rattling Dump 
(backwards) Driver Returns On Foot

GEO
Good Engineering Overlooked

GM 
General Maintenance 
Great Mistake 
Garbage Motors 
Generally Miserable 
Grossly Misconceived 
Gluteus Maximus

GMC
Garage Man's Companion 
Gotta Mechanic Coming? 
Generally Mediocre Cars 
Get More Chicks 
Gets Mechanics Crazy 
Gods Mechanical Curse 
Got More Crap 
Great Mountain Climber 
Great Motor Car

GTO 
Gas, Tires, Oil

HONDA
Had One Never Did Again 
Hang On, Not Done Accelerating 
Hallmark Of Non-Descript Automobiles 
Hallmark Of Non-Destructable Automobiles
HYUNDAI Hope You Understand Nothing's Driveable And Inexpensive...

JEEP 
Just Eats Every Part 
Junk Engineering Executed Poorly
Just Empty Every Pocket

MAZDA
Most Always Zipping Dangerously Along 

MG
Money Guzzler 

MGB
Might Go Backwards 

MGF
Might Go Forward 

MIATA
My Intention Always To Accelerate

MOPAR
Many Odd Parts Arranged Randomly 
Miscellaneous Oddball Parts Assembled Ridiculously 
Most Often Passed At Races 
Mostly Old Parts And Rust 
Move Over People Are Racing 
Move Over Plymouth Approaching Rapidly 
My Old Pig Ain't Running 
My Only Problems Are Repairs

MUSTANG
Motor Under Strain, Transmission Almost No Good

OLDSMOBILE
Overpriced, Leisurely Driven Sedan Made Of Buick's Irregular Leftover Equipment
old ladies driving slowly making other behind insanely late everyday

PINTO
Put In Nickel To Operate 
Paid Inspector Nicely To Overlook

PLYMOUTH
Please Leave Your Money Out Under The Hood

PORSCHE
Proof Of Rich Spoiled Children Having Everything

SAAB
Send Another Automobile Back 
Swedish Automobiles Always Breakdown 
Sad Attempt At Beauty 
Sorry Auto, Always Broken 
Shape Appears Ass-Backwards

SUBARU
Screwed Up Beyond All Repair Usually

TOYOTA
Too Often Yankees Overprice This Auto 
Torturous On Your Old Tired Ass 
The One You Ought To Avoid

TRIUMPH 
This Really Is Unreliable Man, Please Help! 
Tried Repairing It Until My Parts Hurt!

VOLVO
Very Odd Looking Vehicular Object

VW
Virtually WorthlessPhotographing a new puppy isn't as easy as it may first sound...

Remove film from box and load camera. 

Remove film box from puppy's mouth and throw in trash. 

Remove puppy from trash and brush coffee grounds from muzzle. 

Choose a suitable background for photo. 

Mount camera on tripod and focus. 

Find puppy and take dirty sock from mouth. 

Place puppy in pre-focused spot and return to camera. 

Forget about spot and crawl after puppy on knees. 

Focus with one hand and fend off puppy with other hand. 

Get tissue and clean nose print from lens. 

Take flash cube from puppy's mouth and throw in trash. 

Put cat outside and put peroxide on the scratch on puppy's nose. 

Put magazines back on coffee table. 

Try to get puppy's attention by squeaking toy over your head. 

Replace your glasses and check camera for damage. 

Jump up in time to grab puppy by scruff of neck and say, "No, outside! No, outside!" 

Call spouse to clean up mess. 

Fix a drink. 

Sit back in Lazy Boy with drink and resolve to teach puppy "sit" and "stay" the first thing in the morning.The Cynic's Guide to Life

The journey of a thousand miles begins with a squeaking fan belt and a leaky tire.

I believe for every drop of rain that falls, a flower grows. And a foundation leaks and a ball game gets rained out and a car rusts and...

Follow your dream. Unless it's the one where you're at work in your underwear during a fire drill.

Always take time to stop and smell the roses... and sooner or later you'll inhale a bee.

Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either, just leave me alone.

If you don't like my driving, don't call anyone. Just take another road. That's why the highway department made so many of them.

If a motorists cuts you off, just turn the other cheek. Nothings gets the message across like a good mooning.

When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself.

It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going to steal the neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.

Each day I try to enjoy something from each of the four food groups: the bon bon group, the salty-snack group, the caffeine group, and the 'thing-in-the-tinfoil-in-the-back-of-the-fridge' group.

Just remember... You gotta break some eggs to make a real mess on the neighbor's car.

When you find yourself getting irritated with someone, try to remember that all men are brothers... and just give them a noogie or an Indian burn.

This morning I woke up to the unmistakable scent of pigs in a blanket. That's the price you pay for letting the relatives stay over.

Love is like a roller coaster. If you like it, you don't want to get off, and when you don't... you can't wait to throw up.The only concept they understand is "mine".A man stepped onto the overnight train and told the conductor, "I need you to wake me up in Philadelphia. I'm a deep sleeper and can be ornery when I get up, but no matter what, I want you to help me make that stop. Here's $100 to make sure."

The conductor agreed. The man fell asleep, and when he awoke he heard the announcement that the train was approaching New York. Furious, he collared the conductor. "I gave you $100 to make sure I got off in Philadelphia, you worthless fool!"

"Wow," another passenger said to his traveling companion. "Is that guy ever mad!"
"Yeah," his companion replied. "But not half as mad as that guy they forced off the train in Philadelphia."A blonde lady goes into an auto parts store and asks for a seven-ten cap. 

All the clerks look at each other, and one says, "What's a seven-ten cap?" 

She says, "You know, it's right on the engine. Mine got lost and some how and I need a new one." 

"What kind of a car is it on?" the clerk asked. 

"My 1999 Chevrolet." 

"Okay lady, how big is it?" 

She makes a circle with her hands about 3 1/2 inches in diameter. 

The clerk asks, "What does it do?" 

"I don't know, but its always been there." 

By now, the manager has come over. He hands the lady a note pad and asks her if she could draw a picture of it. The customer  carefully draws a circle about 3 1/2 inches in diameter. In the center she writes "710." 

The guys behind the counter, who are looking at the drawing  upside down, can barely control their laughter as the boss walks  to a shelf, grabs an OIL cap and puts in on the counter. 

"That's it!" the lady says. "How much?" 

"It's on the house," the manager replied. "Please come back often. You have no idea how entertaining it was waiting on you."As is known, there is a large leper colony in Hawaii. To help ease the pain the patients have while there, a hockey rink was built to provide them entertainment. Only problem was that only one game ever got played on the rink. Within two minutes of game time, there was a face off in the corner.How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

A: 8 men, One to get off the couch, One to find a lightbulb, One to find a ladder, One to screw it in, One to shock himself and shock everyone around, One to call a docter, One to find out that it wasn't out, the switch was off, and finally, one to sit back in laugh!-Overheard by a professor in the halls a few weeks after the semester starts-

Male student to another male student-

"Yeah, I signed up for a women's studies course. It wasn't what I expected it to be."

"Really? Why is that?"

"Well, it involves all this reading about ancient goddesses, and about female empowerment. I thought the class would be a little more...hands on."BE SURE THAT THERE IS A PROBLEM.

One fine day, a bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus, and drove off along the route. No problems for the first few stops-a few people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well. 

At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on. Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground. He glared at the driver and said, "Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back. Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically meek? Well, he was. Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't happy about it.

The next day the same thing happened-Big John got on again, made a showoff refusing to pay, and sat down. And the next day, and the one after that, and so forth. This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleepo ver the way Big John was taking advantage of him.

Finally he could stand it no longer. He signed up for body building courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff. By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong & invested a lot of money as well ; what's more, he felt really good about himself.

So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said," Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"  With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, 
"Big John has a bus pass !"

Moral of the story:--  Be sure there is a problem in the first place before working hard to solve oneMiss Bea, the church organist, was in her eighties and had never been married. She was much admired for her sweetness and kindness to all.

One afternoon, the pastor came to call on her, and she showed him into her quaint sitting room. She invited him to have a seat while she prepared tea.

As he sat facing her old pump organ, the young minister noticed a cut glass bowl sitting on top of it, filled with water. In the water floated, of all things, a condom!

When she returned with tea and scones, they began to chat. The pastor tried to stifle his curiosity about the bowl of water and its strange floater, but soon it got the better of him and he could no longer resist.

"Miss Bea," he said, "I wonder if you would tell me about this?" pointing to the bowl.

"Oh, yes," she replied, "isn't it wonderful? I was walking through the park a few months ago, and I found this little package on the ground. The directions said to place it on the organ, keep it wet, and it would prevent the spread of disease."

"And you know... I haven't had a cold all winter."Why did the squirrel go to the acorn shop?

He broke his nuts on something!laugh and the whole world laughs with you,
cry and some-one will hear you,
but fart and you're on your own!!The squirrel's eyes widened as he tried to move but froze when he realized........

He'd buried the wrong nuts!One day, in the mental institute, a doctor visited one of his new patients. 

"How are you today?" he asked, when he saw his patient.

"Oh. I'm fine thank you very much. How about you?" replied the patient.

"Oh, I'm fine," answered the doctor, while thinking if he should let this patient go seeing as how he was polite and all. "So, did you sleep alright last night?"

"Oh, heavens no. The mosquitoes were such a bother, I got so angry that I put up a mosquito net around the bed but I climbed under the bed. HA! They can bite whatever they want inside the net, but I'll be safe and sound under the bed," answered the patient with an air of dignity.

"Never mind."There was this guy in the mental institute who was taking his medicine that the nurse gave him.

The same nurse was walking past his room and saw him shaking very vigorously.

Intrigued, the nurse asked,"Dear patient, why are you shaking? Are you cold?"

Still shaking, the patient replied, "No, my dear nurse, the bottle of medicine you gave me said 'shake before drinking' but I forgot to shake!"

"Oh dear."What's gray, has four legs, and a trunk?

A mouse on vacation.1. Think of a number.


   2. Multiply it by 3.


   3. Now add 5.


   4. Take away the number you first thought of.


   5. Now add 7.


   6. Subtract 2.


   7. Add back the number you first thought of.


   8. Now, close your eyes.
>




>





>






>






>






>







>










>
     





Dark, isn't it? :-)I'm trying computer dating, at least I'm not getting dumped... but I do get deleted.A bloke and his wife went to a family planning clinic.

"We've been married for ten years and we've got no kids", said the husband. "And the next-door neighbors say it's because we're stupid."

"Nonsense," smiled the doctor. "It's probably to do with your diet. Or it might be a question of timing. How many times a week do you do it?"

"Do what?" asked the wife.if stealing kids is kidnapping,is stealing adults oldnapping?Where does a Dog go when he loses his tail?

Answer:

A retailerWhy do snakes always lose in court? 



Answer:


They don't have a leg to stand on!Did you hear the one about the gay midget?

He came out of the cupboard.Why is it better to be killed by a shark than by a lawyer?



Answer: 

The shark would be brief.While riding one day, a cowboy met an Indian riding along with a dog and a cow and began a conversation. 

Cowboy: "Hey, cool dog you got there. Mind if I speak to him?" 

Indian: "Dog no talk." 

Cowboy: "Hey dog, how's it going?" 

Dog: "Doin' alright." 

The Indian looked shocked. 

Cowboy: "Is this Indian your owner?" pointing at the Indian. 

Dog: "Yep" 

Cowboy: "How does he treat you?" 

Dog: "Real good. He walks me twice a day, feeds me great food, and takes me to the lake once a week to play." 

The Indian looks even more shocked. 

Cowboy: "Mind if I talk to your horse?" 

Indian: "Horse no talk." 

Cowboy: "Hey horse, how's it going?" 

Horse: "Cool." 

The Indian looks extremely shocked. 

Cowboy: "Is this your owner? " pointing at Indian 

Horse: "Yep" 

Cowboy: "How's he treat you?" 

Horse: "Pretty good, thanks for asking. He rides me regularly, brushes me down often, and keeps me in a shed to protect me."

The Indian looks totally and utterly amazed.

Cowboy: "Mind if I talk to your cow?" 

Indian: "Cow liar."A man was out of work, and he was combing through the want ads. He saw that a school was looking for a bus driver, so he called and was asked to come for an interview. He got the job, and was surprised when he went out and found that the bus was garishly painted with Big Bird, Bert & Ernie, and Elmo. Still, a job's a job, he thought.

As he went about his route, he stopped and picked up twin girls. These girls were rather portly, and as they entered the bus the first one said, "My name's Patty." The man asked the second twin her name and she said, "My name's Patty also."

Further along, there was a boy who was trying to put on a James Dean-esque cool image. As he got on the bus, he said, "Yo! I'm Leonard T." He sat in the seat right behind the driver, so the driver could see him in his mirror.

They were almost back to the school, and made one last stop. The kid who got on announced, "I'm Ross... and I'm special."

As they made their way back to the school, the driver noticed to his disgust that the kid sitting right behing him had removed one shoe to reveal a horrible case of bunions, which he was picking at.

As soon as they got to school, the man went to the principal's office, threw down the bus keys on his desk, and announced he was quitting. "Is something wrong?" asked the principal?

"I can't take this!" yelled the man. "I've got two all beef Pattys, special Ross, Leonard T. picking bunions on a Sesame Street bus!"Two men are driving through New York when they get pulled over by a State Trooper. The cop walks up and taps on the window with his nightstick.
The driver rolls down the window and WHACK, the cop smacks him in the head with the stick. 

The driver asks, "What the hell was that for?"

The cop answers, "You're in New York son. When we pull you over, you better have your license ready when we get to your car."

The driver says, "I'm sorry, Officer, I'm not from around here."

The cop runs a check on the guy's license, and he's clean. He gives the guy his license back, walks around to the passenger side, and taps on the window. The passenger rolls down the window and WHACK, the cop smacks him on the head with the nightstick.

The passenger asks, "What'd you do that for?"

The cop says, "Just making your wish come true."

The passenger asks, "Making what wish come true?"

The cop says, "I know that two miles down the road you're gonna say to your buddy, 'I wish that asshole would've tried that shit with me!'"How many internet group posters does it take to change a light bulb?


1 to change the light bulb and to post that the light bulb has been changed

14 to share similar experiences of changing light bulbs and how the light
bulb could have been changed differently

7 to caution about the dangers of changing light bulbs

27 to point out spelling/grammar errors in posts about changing light bulbs

53 to flame the spell checkers

41 to correct spelling/grammar flames

6 to argue over whether it's "lightbulb" or "light bulb" ... another 6 to
condemn those 6 as anal-retentive

2 industry professionals to inform the group that the proper term is "lamp"

15 know-it-alls who claim *they* were in the industry, and that "light
bulb" is perfectly correct

156 to email the participant's ISPs complaining that they are in violation
of their "acceptable use policy"

109 to post that this group is not about light bulbs and to please take
this discussion to a lightbulb group

203 to demand that cross posting to hardware forum, off-topic forum, and
lightbulb group about changing light bulbs be stopped

111 to defend the posting to this group saying that we all use light bulbs
and therefore the posts *are* relevant to this group

306 to debate which method of changing light bulbs is superior, where to
buy the best light bulbs, what brand of light bulbs work best for this
technique and what brands are faulty

27 to post URL's where one can see examples of different light bulbs

14 to post that the URL's were posted incorrectly and then post the
corrected URL's

3 to post about links they found from the URL's that are relevant to this
group which makes light bulbs relevant to this group

33 to link all posts to date, quote them in their entirety including all
headers and signatures, and add "Me too"

12 to post to the group that they will no longer post because they cannot
handle the light bulb controversy

19 to quote the "Me too's" to say "Me three"

4 to suggest that posters request the light bulb FAQ

44 to ask what is a "FAQ"

4 to say "didn't we go through this already a short time ago?"

143 to say "do a Google search on light bulbs before posting questions
about light bulbs"

1 forum lurker to respond to the original post 6 months from now and start
it all over again....I probably shouldn't admit this to you younger readers, but when my generation was your age, we did some pretty stupid things. I'm talking about taking CRAZY risks. We drank water right from the tap. We used aspirin bottles that you could actually open with your bare hands. We bought appliances that were not festooned with helpful safety warnings such as "DO NOT BATHE WITH THIS TOASTER".

But for sheer insanity, the wildest thing we did was -- prepare to be shocked -- we deliberately ingested carbohydrates.

I know, I know. It was wrong. But we were young and foolish, and there was a lot of peer pressure. You'd be at a party, and there would be a lava lamp blooping away, and a Jimi Hendrix record playing (a "record" was a primitive compact disc that operated by static electricity). And then, when the mood was right, somebody would say: "You wanna do some 'drates?" And the next thing you know, there'd be a bowl of pretzels going around, or crackers, or even potato chips, and we'd put these things into our mouths and just ... EAT them.

I'm not proud of this. My only excuse was that we were ignorant. It's not like now, when everybody knows how bad carbohydrates are, and virtually every product is advertised as being "low-carb", including beer, denture adhesives, floor wax, tires, life insurance and Viagra. Back then, we had no idea. Nobody did! Our own MOTHERS gave us bread!

Today, of course, nobody eats bread. People are terrified of all carbohydrates, as evidenced by the recent mass robbery at a midtown Manhattan restaurant, where 87 patrons turned their wallets over to a man armed only with a strand of No. 8 spaghetti. ("Do what he says! He has pasta!") The city of Beverly Hills has been evacuated twice this month because of reports -- false, thank heavens -- that terrorists had put a bagel in the water supply.

But as I say, in the old days we didn't recognize the danger of carbohydrates. We believed that the reason you got fat was from eating "calories", which are tiny units of measurement that cause food to taste good. When we wanted to lose weight, we went on low-calorie diets in which we ate only inedible foods such as celery, which is actually a building material, and grapefruit, which is nutritious, but offers the same level of culinary satisfaction as chewing on an Odor Eater.

The problem with the low-calorie diet was that a normal human could stick to it for, at most, four hours, at which point he or she would have no biological choice but to sneak out to the garage and snork down an entire bag of Snickers, sometimes without removing the wrappers. So nobody lost weight, and everybody felt guilty all the time. Many people, in desperation, turned to disco.

But then along came the bold food pioneer who invented the Atkins Diet: Dr. Something Atkins. After decades of research on nutrition and weight gain -- including the now-famous Hostess Ding Dong Diet Experiment, which resulted in a laboratory rat the size of a Plymouth Voyager -- Dr. Atkins discovered an amazing thing: Calories don't matter! What matter are carbohydrates, which result when a carbo molecule and a hydrate molecule collide at high speeds and form tiny invisible doughnuts.

Dr. Atkins' discovery meant that -- incredible though it seemed -- as long as you avoided carbohydrates, you could, without guilt, eat high-fat, high-calorie foods such as cheese, bacon, lard, pork rinds and whale. You could eat an entire pig, as long as the pig had not recently been exposed to bread.

At first, like other groundbreaking pioneers such as Galileo and Eminem, Dr. Atkins met with skepticism, even hostility. The low-calorie foods industry went after him big time. The Celery Growers Association hired a detective to -- yes -- stalk him. His car tires were repeatedly slashed by what police determined to be shards of Melba toast.

But Dr. Atkins persisted, because he had a dream -- a dream that, some day, he would help the human race by selling it 427 million diet books. And he did, achieving vindication for his diet before his tragic demise in an incident that the autopsy report listed as "totally unrelated to the undigested 28-pound bacon cheeseburger found in his stomach".

But the Atkins Diet lives on, helping millions of Americans to lose weight. The irony is, you can't tell this by looking at actual Americans, who have, as a group, become so heavy that North America will soon be underwater as far inland as Denver. Which can only mean one thing: You people are still sneaking Snickers. You should be ashamed of yourselves! Got any more?The Lone Ranger was ambushed and captured by an enemy Indian war party. The Indian Chief proclaims, "So, you are the great Lone Ranger. In honor of the Harvest Festival, you will be executed in three days. But, before I kill you, I will grant you three requests. What is your first request?"

The Lone Ranger responds, "I'd like to speak to my horse." Chief nods and Silver is brought before the Lone Ranger, who whispers in Silver's ear, and the horse gallops away.

Later that evening, Silver returns with a beautiful blonde woman on his back. The woman enters the Lone Ranger's tent and spends the night.

The next morning the Indian Chief admits he's impressed. "You have a very fine and loyal horse, but I will still kill you in two days. What is your second request?"

The Lone Ranger again asks to speak to his horse. Silver is brought to him and he again whispers in the horse's ear. As before, Silver takes off across the plains and disappears over the horizon.

Later that evening, to the Chief's surprise, Silver again returns, this time with a voluptuous brunette, even more attractive than the blonde. She enters the Lone Ranger's tent and spends the night.

The following morning the Indian Chief is again impressed. "You are indeed a man of many talents, but I will still kill you tomorrow. What is your last request?"

The Lone Ranger responds, "I'd like to speak to my horse. Alone!"

The Chief is curious, but he agrees and Silver is brought to the Lone Ranger's tent. Once they're alone, the Lone Ranger grabs Silver by both ears looks him square in the eyes and says, "Listen carefully. For the last time, I said ... BRING POSSE!"While trying to escape through Pakistan, Osama Bin Laden found a bottle on a beach and picked it up. Suddenly a female Genie arose from the bottle and with a smile said: "Master, may I grant you one wish?"

"You ignorant, unworthy daughter-of-a-dog! Don't you know who I am? I don't need any common woman giving me anything", barked Bin Laden.

The shocked genie said, "Please, I must grant you a wish or I will be returned to that bottle forever."

Osama thought a moment, grumbling about the impertinence of the woman, and said, "Very well, I want to awaken with three white women in my bed in the morning; so just grant it and be off with you!"

The annoyed genie said, "So be it!" and disappeared.

The next morning Bin Laden woke up in bed with Lorena Bobbitt, Tonya Harding, and Hillary Clinton.

His penis was gone, his knee was broken, and he had no health insurance.Yo Momma so fat that when she went to school she had to sit next to everybody.

Yo Momma so fat, her belt size is Equator.

Yo Momma so fat, this guy was having sex with her, then rolled over twice and was still on her.A gay couple (of guys) and a lesbian couple decide to leave from New York to Miami at the same time. The two couples are neighbors and they plan on driving the same route. so the question is who gets to Miami first? 

Why the lesbians of course! 
They go lickety split while the guys are still at home packin'.A woman goes into Wal- Mart to buy a rod and reel. She doesn't know which one to get so she just grabs one and goes over to the cash register . A Wal - Mart associate is standing there with dark shades on.

She says," Excuse me , sir , can you tell me any thing about this rod and reel?"

He says, "Ma'am, I'm blind but if you drop it on the counter I can tell you everthing about it  from the sound it makes."

She doesn't believe him , but drops it on the counter anyway.

He says, "The rod and reel is $20."

She says," That's amazing that you can tell all that just by the sound of it dropping on the counter. I think it's what I'm looking for so I'll take it."

He walks behind the counter to the register. Just then, the woman farts. At first she is embarrassed but then realizes that there is no way he could tell it was her; being blind he wouldn't know that she was the only person around.

He rings up the sale and says,"That will be $25.50."

"But didn't you say it was $20.00?"

"Yes , ma'am. The rod and reel is $ 20.00,
 the duck call is $3.00, and the catfish stink bait is $2.50."One day, 2 blondes walked into a tanning salon. One blonde said, "A tan for 2 please!"

The cashier said, "Ok," filled out a form for them and asked, "are you two sisters?" 

They chuckled and replied, "No, we aren't even Catholic.""Do you know that your dog bit my mother-in-law yesterday?"
 "Is that so? Well, I suppose you'll sue me for damages?" 
 "Not at all. What'll you take for the dog?"An Arab diplomat visiting the U.S. for the first time was being wined and dined by the State Department. The Grand Emir was unused to the salt in American foods (french fries, cheeses, salami, anchovies etc.) and was constantly sending his manservant Abdul to fetch him a glass of water. Time and again, Abdul would scamper off and return with a glass of water, but then came the time when he returned empty-handed. 

"Abdul, you son of an ugly camel, where is my water?" demanded the Grand Emir. 

"A thousand pardons, O Illustrious One," stammered the wretched Abdul. "White man sit on well.Women as Explained by Engineers

Finally- an explanation of Woman that makes sense to a man!

Element: Woman
Discoverer: Adam
Atomic Mass: Accepted as 55kg, but known to vary from 45kg, to 225 kg.

Physical properties
___________________

Body surface normally covered with a film of powder and paint.

Boils at absolutely nothing-freezes for no apparent reason.

Found in various grades, ranging from virgin material, to common ore.

Chemical properties
____________________

Reacts well to gold, platinum, and all precious stones.

Explodes spontaneously without reason or warning.

The most powerful money-reducing agent known to man.

Common Use
__________________

Highly ornamental, especially in sports cars.

Can greatly aid relaxation.

Can be a very effective cleaning agent.

Hazards
__________________

Turns green when placed alongside a superior specimen.

Possession of more than one is possible, but specimens must never make eye contact!Yo mama's so fat, her nickname is "Damn." 

Yo mama's so big, when she stands up the sun goes out. 

Yo mama's so dirty, the US Government uses her bath water for chemical weapons

Yo mama' so hairy, when she goes to the circus the bearded lady protests against non-union workers. 

Yo mama's so hairy, she shaves with a weedwacker.At the beginning of term, we were supposed to portray what we learned during holidays by acting in a play for the school. Here I was known as the best actress in class so I was given the role of a secondary student who goes out with a rich man's reckless son.

During the rehearsals, everything went perfect until the real day on stage.

Acting pregnant with clothes stuffed in my dress, I begged the rich man's son not to leave me in such a condition when suddenly my BABY fell out of the TUMMY... 

I was so embarrassed as the whole school burst out laughing hysterically. But with talent, I knelt down n cried that silence fell upon their heads thinking it was part of the play...

I was still voted the best.A handsome gentleman gets in an accident and finds himself in hospital soon after recovering. Shocked, he asks the nurse how he got there and if he has all his body parts on. "You only lost your arms, sir, but you will be ok," was her reply. 

Very disappointed that he had lost part of his life, he decides to throw himself over the hospital on the last block but as he is about to do that, he notices someone on the street in the same situation, but he was dancing vigorously. He decides to find out how he keeps happy in such a situation.

"Buddy, tell me what is your secret to happiness," he said.
"You've got no idea what it takes to scatch myself. My chest is itchy."Jason showed his buddy the beautiful diamond ring he had bought his girlfriend for her birthday. "I thought she wanted a four-wheel-drive vehicle," ventured his friend.

"She did," Jason said. "But where am I going to find a fake Jeep?"Why did the chicken cross the road?

Why do you care?Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
I copied your test and I flunked too!I like to sleep, and stay in bed,
all because you cracked a hammer on my head.Did you know that if you fart in church you have to sit in your own pew?I had a dream that I went to heaven.  I was checking in at that gate with the last three presidents of the United States.  I watched as George Sr., Bill Clinton, and George Jr. all walked through a bright door with an angel as an escort.  I then gave Peter my name at the gate.  He checked his book and said "I'm sorry you missed it by an inch, but there is a way to get into heaven if you walk around with an ugly girl for 100 years."  

I was confused and started complaining that this was not the way heaven was supposed to work.  Peter took me to a window next to the bright door where I saw men and women walking around with ugly people as their penance.  I became curious about the Presidents before me and asked about George Sr.  Peter informed me that he missed it by an inch.  He then pointed in the window as I saw George Sr. walking with some really ugly woman. 
I then asked about his son, George Jr.  Peter said that he had missed it by an inch.  Sure enough, I looked in the window and saw our President walking with what I guess was a woman (it was hard to tell).  
As I was looking, I saw Bill Clinton walking with Britney Spears.  I exclaimed to Peter that it was not fair.  I asked what about Bill Clinton.  Peter looked in his book and said that he could not find his name.  Then I said what about Britney Spears.  Peter looked in his book and said "she missed it by an inch.What did Spock find in the toilet?


The captain's log.Did you hear about the two peanuts who got mugged on their walk down the street?


They were assaultedVincent Van Gogh had a really large family. Here's a listing of
some of the lessor known ones...

The grandfather who moved to Yugoslavia ........ U. Gogh

The brother who bleached all his clothes white .. Hue Gogh

The cousin who was a blues musician- Indi-Gogh

The fruity brother- Man-Gogh

The sister who wore a mini skirt to dance in bars ... Go Gogh

The real obnoxious brother .......... Please Gogh

The brother who ate prunes ............ Gotta Gogh

The uncle who worked at a convenience store ....... Stop N Gogh

His dizzy aunt ............. Verti Gogh

The cousin that moved to Illinois ......... Chicah Gogh

His magician uncle .............. Wherediddy Gogh

The cousin who lived in Mexico .......... Amee Gogh

Another cousin who lived in Mexico ......... Green Gogh

Nephew that drove a stage coach .......... Wells Far Gogh

Aunt who was a good dancer .............. Tan GoghI'm a schizophrenic and so am I.What did the ocean say to the beach?

Nothing, it just wavedHow do you tell a boy chromosome from a girl chromosome?

Pull down their genes.For Stupid:

Hey, your house is calling, and they're missing their idiot.

Where were you when God gave out brains?

How many times have you crawled into the hole that said 'lowers your IQ'?

Did you get dropped on your head when you were little and your mom said you were just 'special'?

Did you like getting hit by the stupid stick?

For Ugly:

Did you perhaps get run over by a truck sometime in your life?

Note: You can use stupid insults and change them to ugly insults by a word and vice versa.Why did the white girl go have sex with a Mexican?

Because her teacher told her to do an ESE.Ms. Suzy had a steam boat, 
the steam boat had a bell!
The steam boat went to heaven,
Ms. Suzy went to...

Hello operator,
please give me number nine! 
And if you disconnect me,
I'll chop off your...

Behind the frigerator,
there was a piece of glass!
Ms. Suzy sat upon it,
and broke her big fat...

Ask me no more questions,
tell me no more lies!
The boys are in the bathroom,
zipping up their...

Flies are in the meadow,
bees are in the park!
Ms. Suzy's with her boyfriend,
kissing in the d-a-r-k, d-a-r-k dark, dark, dark!"Doctor!  I have a serious pronblem, I can never remember what I just said."

"When did you first notice this problem?"

"What problem?"When a car skidded on wet pavement and struck a telephone pole, several bystanders ran over to help the driver.  A woman was the first to reach the victim, but a man rushed in and pushed her aside.  "Step aside lady," he barked.  "I've taken a course in first-aid!"

The woman watched for a few minutes, then tapped him on the shoulder.  "Pardon me," she said.  "But when you get to the part about calling a 
doctor, I'm right here."What is the difference between man and Superman?
Man wears underwear under the trousers and Superman wears it over the 
trousers.Did Adam and Eve have belly buttons?

What happens if you pop the popcorn upside down?

Why aren't HAMburgers made out of ham? 

And my favorite:
Donde estan mis pantalones?Tigers really are as big and poofy and soft as they look, and they purr like a freight train going by. You find this out by taking one for a walk. To take a tiger for a walk, you first need a tiger. Tigers fresh from the bush are not recommended for the inexperienced. What you need is one who is used to the procedure. He or she is thus liable to be merely playful, rather than actively irritated. You also need a friend, whom you really, really trust. The friend carries an apple wood cane; apple, or some other wood which will bend under stress rather than shattering. This, friend, is your backup, and the cane is his or her only tool for everything, from knocking stuff out of the way that the tiger is liable to eat, to crowd control, to hooking on and madly hanging on if things go wrong.

What YOU carry is a ten foot length of pass-link chain. This is your leash.

Pass-link chain is the stuff where the links will fit through each other. This is important. You need this so you can hook on a safety clip. The chain is looped about the tiger's neck and acts as a giant choke-chain, but the clip is there to keep a loop of some sort in case things go badly wrong. You carry the chain looped in one hand in a peculiar fashion which permits the whole length of chain to be dragged from your hand without taking your hand and/or arm with it. You practice this beforehand till you're sure you've got it right.

Then you go into the cage with the tiger. Your friend does not. You gauge the tiger's mood and put the leash on the tiger. There isn't a whole lot more to say about this step except to say that that is why your friend is there, OUTside the cage. On your side is the fact that the tiger knows what the leash is for by this time and presumably is largely in favor of the idea.

This is where you find out that tigers are soft and poofy. They are also much, much larger than you had ever dreamed, when you're standing next to one.

Then you take the tiger for a walk. Your friend walks in front with the cane to clear the way. You walk with the tiger at your side, keeping pretty good control and letting the tiger know that you are Paying Attention, because if the tiger thinks you are not Paying Attention, it will do what housecats do, let you know that you should be Paying Attention. Unlike housecats, the tiger is big enough not to have to do anything truly outrageous to rectify the situation. Reaching behind you with one forepaw and sweeping your legs out from under you is generally considered good enough by most tigers. They think this is hilarious. To this extent, tigers differ from housecats in that they seem to have a sense of humor.

It is possible that the tiger will see something that it wants. In this case, the tiger will go where it wants to go, and your job is to stop it. This is generally done by wrapping the chain around something that you pass, as the tiger drags you away. This will slow it down enough for your friend to jump on top of you and grab the chain as you go bulleting across the countryside. The weight of two adult humans will generally slow a tiger down enough to make things manageable, whereas one will not.

It is not usual for the tiger to react to freedom by turning around and turning you into fajitas, though this would actually (at least in the short term) be an eminently practical thing for the tiger to do. They enjoy their fun but are generally not ill-tempered. If they are they don't get taken for walks.

They also purr like a freight train passing. Experts in the field claim that this is not purring, that it means something else, but you couldn't put it by me. Sure sounded like purring, at 16-2/3 RPM, but it sounded like purring.

All in all, an experience I highly recommend as a lifetime source of cocktail party conversation, but it sort of tends to leave you limp for the rest of the day.Take heart, America. Three monkey wrenches have been thrown into Japan's well-oiled economic machine. It's only a matter of time before that powerful engine of productivity begins to sputter and fail.

What could cause such a sharp turnaround? High interest rates? Increased unemployment? Lower productivity? No, it's something much more economically debilitating - and permanent.

Three American lawyers have become the first foreign attorneys permitted to practice law in Japan. What's more, two of them are from New York!

The decline has begun.

Japan has one attorney for every 10,000 residents, compared to the U.S. ratio of one attorney for every 390 residents. For every 100 attorneys trained in Japan, there are 1,000 engineers. In the United States, that ratio is reversed.

But a law that became effective on April 1 permits foreigners to practice in Japan for the first time since 1955. Already, an additional 20 American and six British lawyers have applied for permission to open practices in Japan.

If anything can slow the Japanese economy, it's the presence of American attorneys. What better way to even our balance of trade than to send Japan our costliest surplus commodity?Only a redneck visits a trailer park to look for home decorating ideas.One day, 15 year old Christy came home from shopping with her Auntie Kim and Auntie Flo.  

Christy says to her 6 year old sister, "Auntie Kim has bad taste, but Auntie Flo has good taste."  

Her sister then says, "How do you know?  Have you bitten them before?"Little Johnny and Susie were only 10 years old, but they just knew that they were in love. One day they decided that they wanted to get married, so Johnny went to Susie's father to ask him for her hand.

Johnny bravely walked up to him and said "Mr. Smith, me and Susie are in love and I want to ask you for her hand in marriage."

Thinking that this was the cutest thing, Mr. Smith replied, "Well Johnny, you are only 10. Where will you two live?"

Without even taking a moment to think about it, Johnny replied "In Susie's room. It's bigger than mine and we can both fit there nicely."

Still thinking this is just adorable, Mr. Smith said with a huge grin, "Okay then how will you live? You're not old enough to get a job. You'll need to support Susie."

Again, Johnny instantly replied, "Our allowance... Susie makes 5 bucks a week and I make 10 bucks a week. That's about 60 bucks a month, and that'll do us just fine."

By this time Mr. Smith was a little shocked that Johnny had put so much thought into this. So, he thought for a moment trying to come up with something that Johnny wouldn't have an answer for.

After a second, Mr. Smith said, "Well Johnny, it seems like you have got everything all figured out. I just have one more question for you. What will you do if the two of you should have little ones of your own?"

Johnny just shrugged his shoulders and said, "Well, we've been lucky so far...."Why am I stronger than Tarzan?

Because I can beat on my chest without screaming.During a trip from California to Indiana, it didn't help that my connecting flight from Denver was delayed twice because of mechanical problems. Then, after we were aloft, I noticed the lights began flickering. I mentioned this to a flight attendant. "I'll take care of it," she said. Moments later the lights went out. Clearly she had solved the problem by turning off all the lights. A passenger across the aisle who had been watching me leaned over and said, "Whatever you do, please don't ask about the engines."The warden, addressing the three instigators of a failed prison riot, said, "I would like to know two things. 

First: Why did you revolt? 

Second: How did you get out of your cell?" 

One of the three men stepped forward, "Warden, we rebelled because the food is awful." 

"I see. And what did you use to break the bars?" the warden asked. 

Replied the spokesman, "French Toast..."1. Well, this day was a total waste of makeup. 

2. Make yourself at home! Clean my kitchen. 

3. Who are these kids and why are they calling me Mom? 

4. Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after. 

5. Do I look like a people person? 

6. This isn't an office. It's Hell with fluorescent lighting. 

7. I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me. 

8. Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose. 

9. Bottomless pit of needs & wants. 

10. I like cats, too. Let's exchange recipes. 

11. If I want to hear the pitter patter of little feet, I'll put shoes on my cat. 

12. Does your train of thought have a caboose? 

13. Let me show you how the guards used to do it. 

14. And just how may I screw you over today? 

15. I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood for 30 years. 

16. If only you'd use your powers for good instead of evil... 

17. Allow me to introduce my selves. 

18. Sarcasm is just one more service we offer. 

19. Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you." 

20. Better living through denial. 

21. Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed. 

22. Suburbia: where they tear out the trees
& then name streets after them. 

23. Do they ever shut up on your planet? 

24. Are these your eyeballs? I found them in my cleavage. 

25. I'm not your type. I'm not inflatable. 

26. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality. 

27. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door. 

28. I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one. 

29. Don't worry. I forgot your name, too! 

30. Adults are just kids who owe money. 

31. I just want revenge. Is that so wrong? 

32. I work 40 hours a week to be this poor. 

33. You say I'm a "b----" like it's a bad thing. 

34. Can I trade this job for what's behind door #2? 

35. Macho Law forbids me from admitting I'm wrong. 

36. Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? 

37. Not all men are annoying. Some are dead. 

38. Chaos, panic, & disorder-my work here is done. 

39. You look like crap. Is that the style now? 

40. Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for the friends in my head.The mood of a woman
An angel of truth and a dream of fiction,
A woman is a bundle of contradiction,
She's afraid of a wasp, will scream at a mouse,
But will tackle a stranger alone in the house.
Sour as vinegar, sweet as a rose,
She'll kiss you one minute, then turn up her nose,
She'll win you in rage, enchant you in silk,
She'll be stronger than brandy, milder than milk,
At times she'll be vengeful, merry and sad,
She'll hate you like poison, and love you like mad. 

The moods of a man!
Hungry! 

Horny! 

Sleepy!Here's a stupid warning label:

If you look at a fire extinguisher, it will say "Non-flamable"If you fall down a bottomless pit... do you eventually die of starvation?Why doesn't the glue inside the bottle dry?Isn't it fascinating how feet smell and noses run?If you think about it, a muffin is just a bald cupcake!As far as we Americans know, Osama Bin Laden could, quite possibly, be right here in New York, posing as a cab driver, and we'd never know.I understand that Scissors can beat Paper, and I get how Rock can beat Scissors, but there's no fucking way Paper can beat Rock. Paper is supposed to magically wrap around Rock leaving it immobile? Why the hell can't paper do this to scissors? Screw scissors, why can't paper do this to people? Why isn't notebook paper constantly suffocating students while they take notes in class? I'll tell you why: because paper can't beat anybody; a rock would tear that shit up in 2 seconds. When I play rock/paper/scissors, I always choose rock. Then when somebody claims to beat me with their paper I can punch them in the face with my already clenched fist and say, "Oh shit, I'm sorry. I thought paper would protect you, you asshole!"If you put a slinky on an escalator, would it go forever?How did Hellen Keller's mother punish her???

rearranging her furniture.Once there was a redneck groom about to get married. As he puts on the beaver pelt suit, he is talking to his dad. "Hey Uncle Jim, I'm kind of worried. My fiance told me she's still a virgin." 

"Why is that an issue?" the dad says. 

"Well, if she isn't good enough for her family, why would she be good enough for ours?"Did you know that the goverment finds Native American chiefs more important than presidents? The new head on Mt. Rushmore is at least twice the size of the others. It's the head of an Indian!This guy's at work when he receives a call from the hospital informing him that his wife's been in an accident. He rushes to the emergency room where he's met by the doctor. They sit down in the waiting room and the doctor, with a very solemn look on his face starts to speak. But before he can, the guy interrupts.

Guy: "Doc, don't tell me my wife's dead. I just can't take it. Really, I can't take it. I love her." 

Doctor: "Well, sir, I do have some bad news." 

Again the guy interrupts. 

Guy: "Doc, just tell me, did she make it?"

Doctor: "As I was saying, we did all we could. Right now she's in a vegetative state, which is likely where she'll remain for the rest of her life. She can stay here overnight, but after that, you'll have to take her home because your insurance doesn't cover this type of thing."

The guy slumps, just crushed. 

Doctor: "With the right care, which will include you feeding her five times a day, cleaning her and giving her constant care on a daily basis, she'll likely live for at least another 30 years."

The guy sinks even lower, just crushed, and starts to cry. 

Doctor: "As I said, your insurance doesn't cover this kind of care, so you'll have to make some sort of arrangements to purchase the equipment you'll need for your wife. I would suggest you put your house on the market today and sell it as quickly as possible and buy a mobile home. You're gonna need the excess cash. It should be enough to buy the equipment your wife needs and for you to live on for the next couple of months. By then, you should be able to qualify for welfare and other forms of state and federal aid."

By this point, the guy is sobbing uncontrollably. 

The doctor reaches over, puts his hand on his shoulder and says, "Hey, look at me." The guy looks up and the doctor smiles and says, "I'm just fucking with you, she's dead."What did the sick pony say to its mother?

I'm a little hoarse.A woman goes for her pelvic exam. While the doctor is doing the exam, he notices bikini tan lines, and she has sandals on that say "hecho en mexico" (made in mexico). So he casually asks her, "So did you enjoy your trip to Mexico?"
She sits up a little and stares at him with this look of disbelief. "You can tell that just from a pelvic exam?!?!?"A nurse was giving a patient a check up and came to the task of taking his temperature. So the patient came in and she told him to take his pants and boxers off so he hesitantly did so. She then put somthing in his butt. She had some time, so she went to the bank and was going to withdraw some cash. As she went to get her pen to sign the reciept, she took out the rectal themometer.Here is a list of some really stupid laws I've seen:
Alaska- You can't wake up a sleeping bear, just to take its picture.

Florida-Unmarried women may not parachute on Sundays.

Idaho- You can't fish from the back of a camel. (Who has a pet camel in Idaho anyway?!?)

Oklahoma-Whaling is illegal. (hint-there aren't any oceans or whales in Oklahoma!)
     You also can't sleep on a refrigerator OUTDOORS, although it is perfectly legal to sleep on your refrigerator in public, as long as you are indoors.

Baldwin Park, California- You can't (and why would you?) ride bicycles in swimming pools.

Houston, Texas- You can't sell Limburger cheese on Sunday.

Lexington, Kentucky- You can't carry an ice-cream cone in your pocket. (What are the police going to go around checking peoples pockets for ice-cream?)

Marion, Ohio- You can't walk backwards on a city street while eating a donut.

Myrtle Creek, Oregon- No boxing with kangaroos. (Wait, there are kangaroos in Oregon???)

Nashville, Tennessee- You must be at least 18 years old to play pinball.

New Orleans- You may not tie an alligator to a fire hydrant.

Whitehall, Montana- You can't drive a car with ice picks attached to the wheels.

Wynona, Oklahoma- You can't wash your clothes in a birdbath. (Be careful...the neighbors are watching!)A dumb list for dumb laws:

Australia
1. Children may not purchase cigarettes, but can smoke them.
2. You may never leave your car keys in an unattended vehicle.
3. It is illegal to roam the streets wearing black clothes, felt shoes and black shoe polish on your face as these items are the tools of a cat burglar.

England
1. Those wishing to use a television must apply for a license.
2. It is illegal to leave baggage unattended.
3. Picking up abandoned baggage is as act of terrorism.



France
1. Between the hours of 8AM and 8PM, 70% of the music in the radio must be by French composers. 

Thailand
1. It is illegal to leave your house if you are not wearing underwear.
2. You must wear a shirt while driving a car.
3. You must pay a fine of $600 in Thailand if you're caught throwing away chewed bubblegum on the sidewalk. If you do not pay the fine, you are jailed.
4. No one may step on any of the nation's currency. 

Many of the laws are actually followed. The question is, would you follow them, or just regard them as a joke?"Is there chicken in your vegetarian gumbo?" - Asked of a waitress.

"Just the chicken." The response a waitress gave when asked if there were any dairy products in a soup.

"Would you like cream and sugar with that?" - Asked by a waitress when a customer specified orange juice instead of coffee as part of a breakfast meal.

"Do you want cheese on that?" - Asked when a customer ordered a plain cheeseburger.

"You want fries with that?" - Asked when a customer ordered an apple turnover.

"Do you want onions on that?" - A waitress, in response to a couple ordering a milk shake and a large cola.

"Is there any meat in the veggie rolls?"

"Do you get rice with your fried rice?"

"I'm sorry, we only have six inch and foot long subs." - A waitress, when asked for a 12 inch sub.

"Would you like to care for a cup of coffee?" - A waitress.

"Which of these coffees did you want with cream and sugar?" - Asked of a customer who had ordered two coffees, one with cream and sugar and one without.

"Do you want that in a bag?" - Asked of a customer who ordered coffee to go.

"Is this for here or to go?" - Asked of a Dairy Queen customer at a drive-through window.

"What's the difference between the 1/4 pounder and the 1/3 pounder?"

"What's the difference?" - Asked of a waitress when asked if the customer would like breadsticks with or without cheese.

"Sir, we only have one thousand island dressing." - A waitress, when asked for two thousand island dressings.

"How many pieces are in the eight piece chicken deal?"

"How much is the $1.99 popcorn chicken?"

"Is the honey mustard sauce sweet?"

"Is the spicy chicken just spicy or is it hot and spicy?"

"Would you like the sale price?" - A fast food worker, asking how a customer would like to pay for his order of two special sandwiches.

"That's not an animal. It's a mammal." - Cafeteria worker serving shrimp at a public high school.

"Does your ice cream contain dairy products?" - A customer at the drive-through of a fast food restaurant.

"Excuse me. These ham and cheese rolls - do they have ham in them?" - A customer at a bakery cafe.

"Don't you guys have them 99 cent Whoppers?" - Asked of a Taco Bell cashier.

"This is to go." - Commonly said by customers at drive-through windows.

"I'd like a large Pepsi pizza." - A customer ordering pizza over the phone. After saying this, the customer was heard saying to someone else with him, "Wait; Chuck, is that right?"Have you ever heard of the kissing shield? No? then look at this list of crazy inventions people just like you made;

Kissing shield
Face bake
Horse diaper
Whopper wheels
Skateboard pirate
Light bulb changer
Beach boots
Remote controlled horse
Flying bike
Baby bottom art
Pump power
Dummy chicken farmer
Airplane moisturizer
Alarm fork
All terrain stroller
Aqua swing
Baby cage
Ball blinders
Banana head
BIRD CAT TRAP FEEDER
Boob tube
Boatless water skiing
Hijacker detector
And many more dumb inventions soon to come. Be watching!Idiot # 1
I am a medical student currently doing a rotation in toxicology at the poison control center. Today, this woman called in very upset because she caught her little daughter eating ants. I quickly reassured her that the ants are not harmful and there would be no need to bring her daughter into the hospital. She
calmed down, and at the end of the conversation happened to mention that she gave her daughter some ant poison to eat in order to kill the ants. I told her that she better bring her daughter into the Emergency room right away.

Here's your sign lady. Wear it with pride.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 2
Seems that a year ago, some Boeing employees on the airfield decided to steal a life raft from one of the 747s. They were successful in getting it out of the plane and home. When they took it for a float on the river, a Coast Guard helicopter coming towards them surprised them. It turned out that the
chopper was going in on the emergency locator beacon which activated when the raft was inflated.

They are no longer employed at Boeing.

Here's your sign guys. Don't get it wet, the paint might run.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 3
A true story out of San Francisco: A man, wanting to rob a downtown Bank of America, walked into the branch and wrote "this iz a stikkup. Put all your muny in this bag." While standing in line, waiting to give his note to the teller, he began to worry
that someone had seen him write the note and might call the police before he reached the teller window. So he left the Bank of America and crossed the street to Wells Fargo.

After waiting a few minutes in line, he handed his note to the Wells Fargo teller. He read it and, surmising from his spelling errors that he wasn't the brightest light in the harbor, told him that she could not accept his stickup note because it was
written on a Bank of America deposit slip and that he would either have to fill out a Wells Fargo deposit slip or go back to Bank of America. Looking somewhat defeated, the man said "OK"
and left.

He was arrested a few minutes later, as he was waiting in line back at Bank of America.

Don't bother with this guy's sign. He probably could read it anyway.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 4

A motorist was unknowingly caught in an automated speed trap that measured his speed using radar and photographed his car. He later received in the mail a ticket for $40 and a photo of his car. Instead of payment, he sent the police department a photograph of $40. Several days later, he received a letter from the police that contained another picture, this time of handcuffs. He immediately mailed in his $40.

Another sign (though this guy might be onto something worth thinking about)!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 5
A Guy walked into a little corner store with a shotgun and demanded all the cash from the cash drawer. After the cashier put the cash in a bag, the robber saw a bottle of scotch that he wanted behind the counter on the shelf. He told the cashier to put it in the bag as well, but he refused and said, "Because I
don't believe you are over 21."

The robber said he was, but the clerk still refused to give it to him because he didn't believe him. At this point the robber took his driver's license out of his wallet and gave it to the clerk. The clerk looked it over, and agreed that the man was in fact over 21 and he put the scotch in the bag. The robber then
ran from the store with his loot. The cashier promptly called the police and gave the name and address of the robber that he got off the license.

They arrested the robber two hours later.

(Remind me to have more signs printed up. Give this guy his!)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 6
A pair of Michigan robbers entered a record shop nervously waving revolvers. The first one shouted, "Nobody move!"

When his partner moved, the startled first bandit shot him.

(This guy doesn't need a sign, he probably figured it out himself.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 7
Arkansas: Seems this guy wanted some beer pretty badly. He decided that he'd just throw a cinder block through a liquor store window, grab some booze, and run. So he lifted the cinder block and heaved it over his head at the window.

The cinder block bounced back and hit the would-be thief on the head, knocking him unconscious. Seems the liquor store window was made of Plexi-Glass. The whole event was caught on videotape.

(Oh, that smarts. Give him his sign!)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Idiot # 8
Ann Arbor: The Ann Arbor News crime column reported that a man walked into a Burger King in Ypsilanti, Michigan at 12:50 am flashed a gun and demanded cash.

The clerk turned him down because he said the couldn't open the cash register without a food order. When the man ordered onion rings, the clerk said they weren't available for breakfast. The man, frustrated, walked awayWhat do you call a Grizzly with no teeth?

A gummy bearA dentist was getting ready to clean an elderly lady's teeth. He noticed that she was a little nervous, so he began to tell her a story as he was putting on his surgical gloves. 

"Do you know how they make these rubber gloves?" 

She said, "No, I don't have any idea." 

"Well," he spoofed, 

"Down in Mexico they have this big building set up with a large tank of latex, and the workers are all picked according to hand size. Each individual walks up to the tank, dips their hands in and then walks around for a bit while the latex sets and dries right onto their hands! Then they peel off the gloves and throw them into the big 'Finished Goods' crate and start the process all over again." 
She didn't laugh one bit. 

Five minutes later, during the procedure, he had to stop cleaning her teeth because she burst out laughing. 

The old woman blushed and exclaimed, 

"I just suddenly thought about how they must make condoms!"I love my Job, I love the Pay! I love it more and more each day. 

I love my Boss, he's the best! I love his boss and all the rest.    
I love my Office and its location - I hate to have to go on vacation. 

I love my furniture, drab and gray, and the paper that piles up every day!  
 
I love my chair in my padded cell! There's nothing else I love so well. 

I love to work among my peers - I love their leers and jeers and sneers.    
I love my computer and all its software, I hug it often though it doesn't care... 

I love each program and every file, I try to understand once in a while!!  
 
I'm happy to be here, I am I am, I'm happy to give lots of taxes to my Uncle Sam. 

I love this Work, I love these Chores. I love the meetings with deadly bores.    

I love my Job - I'll say it again - I even love these friendly Men. The men who've come to visit today, In those lovely white coats to take me away!!There was once a very influential farmer in a remote part of China, who had a problem. His chickens were losing their feathers and dying. He sought the counsel of the two wise men in town, Hing, who was scientist, and Ming, who was a sorcerer.

Hing, who has had many advanced course hours in poultry science, consults the classic text in poultry disease, "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Diseases of Chickens, But Were Afraid to Ask." In the book, Hing finds a reference to the report of a study showing that feeding the chickens with an infusion of gum tree leaves is often a remedy for chickens losing their feathers. Meanwhile Ming reads obscure writings of ancient wise men, he meditates, and he reads tarot cards and examines the entrails of a pig. Getting no inspiration he uses his old standby, reading tea leaves. In a spark of discovery, it comes to him that an infusion of gum tree leaves is the cure.

So the two wise men report back to the influential Chinese farmer. Ming says, "As gum sticks to tables and chairs, so shall an infusion of gum tree leaves make feathers stick to chickens." Hing agrees, saying "Studies show that infusions of gum tree leaves alleviate feather loss in chickens." The influential Chinese farmer is ecstatic, for the two wisest men in town are of a single mind. He decides to follow their recommendation, but it does not work.

Moral of the Story: "All of Hing's courses and all of Ming's ken couldn't get gum tea to feather a hen."Most people don't know that back in 1912 Hellman's mayonnaise was manufactured in England. In fact, the "Titanic" was carrying 12,000 jars of the condiment scheduled for delivery in Vera Cruz, Mexico which was to be the next port of call for the great ship after New York City. 

Mexicans were crazy about the stuff.

The Mexican people were eagerly awaiting delivery and were disconsolate ("desperados") at the loss. So much so that they declared a national day of mourning which they still observe today. 

It is known, of course, as ...Sinko de Mayo.After many unhappy replies from our current
vending service we decided that what they
really needed was a different form letter
that was more closely tied to their true
feeling:

        BFD Vending Service

Thank you for your inquiry/comments/complaints
about our vending serve

-We are aware that your machine as not been stocked in 50 days.

-We are waiting for the weekend.

-We are out of items that have expired.

-We're busy, don't bother us about this.

-We don't care.

-We are aware that the price for you
seems high at $10,000.000, but we have to make a living.

-We use an algorithm 50% retail for people your age.

-We charge others more.

-We adjust it to allow for spoilage.  We are aware that the sodas are warm, the milk is curdled, sandwiches are stale, gum is hard, candy bars are petrified and assure you that that is the way it is supposed to be, really!


-We understand that the bill changer can't, coin return won't, product selection doesn't, and believe that you should relax, it all evens out.  Learn to live with it.  Bring in your own change next time.
Be happy it gave you anything and quit eating so much junk food.

Thank you and Happy Eating!Everybody on earth dies and goes to heaven. God comes and says "I want the men to make two lines. One line for the men that dominated their women on earth and the other line for the men that were whipped by their women. Also, I want all the women to go with St Peter." 

Said and done, the next time God looks the women are gone and there are two lines. The line of the men that were whipped was 100 miles long, on the line of men that dominated women there was only one man. 

God got mad and said, "You men should be ashamed of yourselves. I created you in my image, and you were all whipped by your mates. Look at the only one of my sons that stood up and made me proud, learn from him! Tell them, my son, how did you manage to be the only one on that line?" 

The man said, "I don't know. My wife told me to stand here."Fred was getting out of his car to go to an electronics store and had his dog in the car with him. "Stay," said Fred.

A blond was witnessing all this and said to Fred, "Would it just be easier to put it in park?"A woman at a party walked up to a man and told him, ''If you were my husband I would poison your drink." The man replied, ''If you were my wife I would drink it.''Men are from Mars, Women from Venus RECEIVED FROM AN ENGLISH
PROFESSOR:

You know the book Men are from Mars, Women from Venus? Well,
here's a prime example of that. This assignment was actually
turned in by two of my English students: Rebecca (last name
deleted) and Gary (last name deleted).

English 44A

SMU

Creative Writing

Prof. Miller

In class assignment for Wednesday:

Today we will experiment with a new form called the tandem
story. The process is simple. Each person will pair off with the person sitting to his or her immediate right. One of you will write the first paragraph of a short story. The partner will read the first paragraph and then add another paragraph to the story. The first person will then add a third paragraph, and so on back and forth. Remember to re-read what has been written each time in order to keep the story coherent. The story is over when both agree a conclusion has been reached. And now, the assignment as submitted by

Rebecca & Gary:

At first, Laurie couldn't decide which kind of tea she wanted.
The chamomile, which used to be her favorite for lazy evenings
at home, now reminded her too much of Carl, who once said in
happier times, that he liked chamomile. But she felt she must
now, at all costs, keep her mind off Carl. His possessiveness
was suffocating, and if she thought about him too much her
asthma started acting up again. So chamomile was out of the
question.

Meanwhile, Advance Sergeant Carl Harris, leader of the attack
squadron now in orbit over Skylon 4, had more important things
to think about than the neuroses of an air-headed asthmatic
bimbo named Laurie with whom he had spent one sweaty night over
a year ago. "A.S. Harris to Geostation 17," he said into his
transgalactic communicator. "Polar orbit established. No sign of
resistance so far...". But before he could sign off a bluish
particle beam flashed out of nowhere and blasted a hole through
his ship's cargo bay. The jolt from the direct hit sent him
flying out of his seat and across the cockpit.

He bumped his head and died almost immediately, but not before
he felt one last pang of regret for physically brutalizing the
one woman who had ever had feelings for him. Soon afterwards,
Earth stopped its pointless hostilities towards the peaceful
farmers of Skylon 4. "Congress Passes Law Permanently Abolishing
War and Space Travel", Laurie read in her newspaper one morning.
The news simultaneously excited her and bored her. She stared
out the window, dreaming of her youth when the days had passed
unhurriedly and carefree, with no newspapers to read, no
television to distract her from her sense of innocent wonder at
all the beautiful things around her. "Why must one lose one's
innocence to become a woman?", she pondered wistfully.

Little did she know, but she has less than 10 seconds to live.
Thousands of miles above the city, the Anu-udrian mothership
launched the first of its lithium fusion missiles. The
dim-witted wimpy peaceniks who pushed the Unilateral Aerospace
Disarmament Treaty through Congress had left Earth a defenseless
target for the hostile alien empires who were determined to
destroy the human race. Within two hours after the passage of
the treaty the Anu-udrian ships were on course for Earth,
carrying enough firepower to pulverize the entire planet. With
no one to stop them, they swiftly initiated their diabolical
plan. The lithium fusion missile entered the atmosphere
unimpeded. The President, in his top-secret mobile submarine
headquarters on the ocean floor off the coast of Guam, felt the
inconceivably massive explosion which vaporized Laurie and 85
million other Americans. The President slammed his fist on the
conference table. "We can't allow this! I'm going to veto that
treaty! Let's blow 'em out of the sky!"

This is absurd. I refuse to continue this mockery of literature.
My writing partner is a violent, chauvinistic, semi-literate
adolescent.

Yeah? Well, you're a self-centered tedious neurotic whose
attempts at writing are the literary equivalent of Valium.

Asshole.

Bitch.Once upon a time, and unfortunate event took place, in which a ship sank in high seas and the following people got stranded on a beautiful deserted island in the middle of nowhere: 

 A.            2 Italian men and 1 Italian woman
 B.            2 French men and 1 French woman
 C.            2 German men and 1 German woman
 D.            2 Greek men and 1 Greek woman
 E.            2 Polish men and 1 Polish woman
 F.            2 Mexican men and 1 Mexican woman
 G.            2 American men and 1 American woman
 H             2 Indian men and 1 Indian woman

What a Crazy coincidence! One month later, on various parts of the island, the following was observed: 

A. One Italian man killed the other Italian man for the Italian woman.
 
B. The two French men and the French woman are living happily together.
 
C. The two German men have a strict weekly schedule of when they spend time with the German woman.

D. The two Greek men are happy together, and the Greek woman is
cooking and cleaning for them.

E. The two Polish men took a long look at the endless ! ocean and a
long look at the Polish woman, and they started swimming.

F. The two Mexican men are talking to all the other men on the island trying to sell them the Mexican woman.

G. The two American men are contemplating suicide. The American
woman is bitching about her body being her own, the true nature of feminism, how she can do everything that they can do, about the necessity of fulfillment, the equal division of the household chores, how her last boyfriend respected her opinion and treated her much better, and how her relationship with her mother is improving.

H. What happened to the Indians????

..
 
..

..
 
..

The 2 Indian men are still waiting for someone to introduce them to the Indian woman!Q:What do you call a Bass Clarinet player with half a brain?

A: GiftedOne day a cop walks in to a barber shop and gets a haircut. He tries to pay the barber but the barber says, "Im doing free haircuts this week." The cop thanks him and walks away. The next day there is a box of a dozen donuts on the barber's  desk. A republican walks in and gets a haircut. He tries to pay the barber but the barber says, "Im doing free haircuts this week." The republican thanks him and walks away. The next day there is a self help book on his desk. A democrat walks in and gets a haircut. He tries to pay the barber but barber says, "I'm doing free haircuts this week." The next day, there are 20 democrats at the door waiting for a free haircut.THESE ARE REAL NOTES FROM A REAL CHILLI COOK OFF

Notes from an inexperienced chili taster named Frank, who was visiting Texas from the east coast:

"Recently, I was honored to be selected as a judge at a chili cook-off. The original person called in sick at the last moment, and I happened to be standing there at the judge's table asking directions to the beer wagon when the call came. I was assured by the other two judges (native Texans) that the chili wouldn't be all that spicy, and besides, they told me I could have free beer during the tasting. So I accepted. Here are the scorecards from the event:


Chilli # 1: Mike's Maniac Mobster Monster Chili

JUDGE ONE: A little too heavy on tomato. Amusing kick.
JUDGE TWO: Nice, smooth tomato flavor. Very mild.
FRANK: Holy shit, what the hell is this stuff? You could remove dried paint from your driveway. Took me two beers to put the flames out. I hope that's the worst one. These Texans are crazy.


Chilli # 2: Arthur's Afterburner Chili

JUDGE ONE: Smoky, with a hint of pork. Slight Jalapeno tang.
JUDGE TWO: Exciting BBQ flavor, needs more peppers to be taken seriously.
FRANK: Keep this out of reach of children! I'm not sure what I am supposed to taste besides pain. I had to wave off two people who wanted to give me the Heimlich maneuver. They had to rush in more beer when they saw the look on my face.


Chilli # 3: Fred's Famous Burn Down the Barn Chili

JUDGE ONE: Excellent firehouse chili! Great kick. Needs more beans.
JUDGE TWO: A bean less chili, a bit salty, good use of red peppers.
FRANK: Call the EPA, I've located a uranium spill. My nose feels like I have been snorting Drano. Everyone knows the routine by now, get me more beer before I ignite. Barmaid pounded me on the back, now my backbone is in the front part of my chest. I'm getting shit-faced from all the beer.


Chilli # 4: Bubba's Black Magic

JUDGE ONE: Black bean chili with almost no spice. Disappointing.
JUDGE TWO: Hint of lime in the black beans. Good side dish for fish or other mild foods, not much of a chili.
FRANK: I felt something scraping across my tongue, but was unable to taste it, is it possible to burn-out taste buds? Sally, the bar maid, was standing behind me with fresh refills, that 300 lb. bitch is starting to look HOT, just like this nuclear-waste I'm eating. Is chilli an aphrodisiac?


Chilli # 5: Linda's Legal Lip Remover

JUDGE ONE: Meaty, strong chili. Cayenne peppers freshly ground, adding considerable kick. Very impressive.
JUDGE TWO: Chili using shredded beef; could use more tomato. Must admit the cayenne peppers make a strong statement.
FRANK: My ears are ringing, sweat is pouring off my forehead and I can no longer focus my eyes. I farted and four people behind me needed paramedics. The contestant seemed offended when I told her that her chili had given me brain damage. Sally saved my tongue from bleeding by pouring beer directly on it from a pitcher. I wonder if I'm burning my lips off? It really pisses me off that the other judges asked me to stop screaming. Screw those rednecks!


Chilli # 6: Vera's Very Vegetarian Variety

JUDGE ONE: Thin yet bold vegetarian variety chili. Good balance of spice and peppers.
JUDGE TWO: The best yet. Aggressive use of peppers, onions, and garlic. Superb.
FRANK: My intestines are now a straight pipe filled with gaseous, sulfuric flames. I shit myself when I farted and I'm worried it will eat through the chair. No one seems inclined to stand behind me except that slut Sally, she must be kinkier than I thought. Can't feel my lips anymore. I need to wipe my ass with a snow cone!


Chilli # 7: Susan's Screaming Sensation Chili

JUDGE ONE: A mediocre chili with too much reliance on canned peppers.
JUDGE TWO: Ho Hum, tastes as if the chef literally threw in a can of chilli peppers at the last moment. I should note that I am worried about Judge Number 3. He appears to be in a bit of distress as he is cursing uncontrollably.
FRANK: You could put a grenade in my mouth, pull the pin, and I wouldn't feel a damn thing. I've lost the sight in one eye, and the world sounds like it is made of rushing water. My shirt is covered with chili which slid unnoticed out of my mouth. My pants are full of lava-like shit to match my damn shirt. At least during the autopsy they'll know what killed me. I've decided to stop breathing, it's too painful. Screw it, I'm not getting any oxygen anyway. If I need air, I'll just suck it in through the 4 inch hole in my stomach.


Chilli # 8: Mount Saint Helen's Chili

JUDGE ONE: A perfect ending, this is a nice blend chili, safe for all, not too bold but spicy enough to declare its existence.
JUDGE TWO: This final entry is a good, balanced chili, neither mild nor hot. Sorry to see that most of it was lost when Judge Number 3 passed out, fell over and pulled the chili pot down on top of himself. Not sure if he's going to make it. Poor Yank, wonder how he would have reacted to a really hot chili?
FRANK: -------------- (editor's note: Judge #3 was unable to report)Your momma so old she sat next to Jesus in the 3rd grade"Well, what have we here...?" 
He has no idea and is hoping you'll give him a clue.

"Well, we're not feeling so well today, are we...?" 
I'm stalling for time. 

"If it doesn't clear up in a week, give me a call." 
I don't know what it is. Maybe it will go away by itself. 

"Let me check your medical history." 
I want to see if you've paid your last bill before spending anymore time with you. 

"Well, now, we have some good news and some bad news." 
The good news is, I'm going to buy that new BMW. The bad news is, you're going to pay for it. 

"This should be taken care of right away." 
I'd planned a trip to Hawaii next month but this is so easy and profitable that I want to fix it before it cures itself. 

"Let me schedule you for some lab tests." 
I have a forty percent interest in the lab. 

"Let's see how it develops." 
Maybe in a few days it will grow into something that really needs to be cured. 

"I'd like to prescribe a new drug." 
I'm writing a paper and would like to use you for a guinea pig. 

"That's quite a nasty looking wound." 
I think I'm going to throw up. 

"This may smart a little." 
Last week two patients almost bit off their tongues. 

"This should fix you up." 
The drug company slipped me some big bucks to prescribe this stuff. Hope it works... 

"Everything seems to be normal." 
Rats! I guess I can't buy that new beach condo after all. 

"I'd like to run some more tests." 
I can't figure out what's wrong. Maybe the kid in the lab can solve this one.Recently, I was diagnosed with A. A. A. D. D. - Age Activated Attention Deficit Disorder. This is how it manifests:

I decide to water my garden. As I turn on the hose in the driveway, I look over at my car and decide my car needs washing.

As I start toward the garage, I notice that there is mail on the porch table that I brought up from the mail box earlier.

I decide to go through the mail before I wash the car.

I lay my car keys down on the table, put the junk mail in the garbage can under the table, and notice that the can is full, so I decide to put the bills back on the table and take out the garbage first.

But then I think, since I'm going to be near the mailbox when I take out the garbage anyway, I may as well pay the bills first.

I take my check book off the table, and see that there is only 1 check left.

My extra checks are in my desk in the study, so I go inside the house to my desk where I find the can of Coke that I had been drinking.

I'm going to look for my checks, but first I need to push the Coke aside so that I don't accidentally knock it over. I see that the Coke is getting warm, and I decide I should put it in the refrigerator to keep it cold.

As I head toward the kitchen with the Coke, a vase of flowers on the counter catches my eye -- they need to be watered.

I set the Coke down on the counter, and I discover my reading glasses that I've been searching for all morning.

I decide I better put them back on my desk, but first I'm going to water the flowers.

I set the glasses back down on the counter, fill a container with water and suddenly I spot the TV remote. Someone left it on the kitchen table.

I realize that tonight when I go to watch TV, I will be looking for the remote, but I won't remember that it's on the kitchen table, so I decide to put it back in the den where it belongs, but first I'll water the flowers.

I pour some water in the flowers, but quite a bit of it spills on the floor, so I set the remote back down on the table, get some towels and wipe up the spill.

Then I head down the hall trying to remember what I was planning to do.

At the end of the day:

The car isn't washed, the bills aren't paid, there is a warm can of Coke sitting on the counter and the flowers don't have enough water, there is still only 1 check in my check book, I can't find the remote, I can't find my glasses, and I don't remember what I did with the car keys.

Then, when I try to figure out why nothing got done today, I'm really baffled because I know I was busy all day long, and I'm really tired.

I realize this is a serious problem, and I'll try to get some help for it, but first I'll check my e-mail.

Don't laugh -- if this isn't you yet, your day is coming!!

GROWING OLDER IS MANDATORY. GROWING UP IS OPTIONAL.
LAUGHING AT YOURSELF IS THERAPEUTIC.Why do lawyers always wear a tie?

To keep back the foreskin.Why did the blond make a square pie?



Because Pi(r) squared!You know how, in the olden days, you were named for what you did? For instance, if you were a blacksmith, your last name would be Smith, if you were a baker, your last name was Baker. 
It kind of makes me wonder what John Hancock's ancestors did for a living.Mildred, the church gossip, and self-appointed monitor of the church's morals, kept sticking her nose into other people's business. Several members did not approve of her extra-curricular activities, but feared her enough to maintain their silence. 
She made a mistake, however, when she accused George, a new member, of being an alcoholic after she saw his old pickup parked in front of the town's only bar one afternoon. 

She emphatically told George and several others that everyone seeing it there would know what he was doing. George, a man of few words, stared at her for a moment and just turned and walked away. He didn't explain, defend, or deny. He said nothing. 

Later that evening, George quietly parked his pickup in front of Mildred's house............. and left it there all night.An 18-year-old girl tells her Mum that she is two months late. Very worried, the mother rushes off to the chemist and buys a pregnancy kit. 
The test result shows that the girl is pregnant. 

Shouting, cursing, crying, the mother says: "Who was the pig that did this to you? I want to know now!" 

The girl picks up the phone and makes a call. Half an hour later a red Ferrari stops in front of their house and a mature and distinguished man with grey hair, impeccably dressed in a very expensive suit steps out and enters the house. 

He sits in the living room with the father, the mother and the girl, and he explains: "Good morning. Your daughter has informed me of the problem. However, I can't marry her because of my personal family situation but I'll take charge. I will pay all costs and provide for your daughter for the rest of her life. Additionally, if a girl is born I will bequeath her two retail stores, a townhouse, a beachfront villa and a $1,000,000 bank account. 

If a boy is born, my legacy will be a couple of factories and a $2,000,000 bank account. If it's twins, a factory and $2,000,000 each. 

However, if there is a miscarriage, well... what do you suggest I do?" 

At this point, the father - who had remained silent - places a hand firmly on the man's shoulder and says, "Then I reckon you'll just have to sleep with her again!"The Pentagon announced today the formation of a new 500 man elite fighting unit called the US Redneck Special Forces (USRSF). These North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, West Virginia, Mississippi, Arkansas, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and Tennessee boys will be dropped into Iraq and have been given the following facts about Terrorists: 

1. The season opened today
2. There is no limit
3. They taste just like chicken
4. They don't like beer, pickups, Harley Davidson's, country music or Jesus
5. They are DIRECTLY RESPONSIBLE for the death of Dale Earnhardt




This mess in Iraq should be over IN A WEEKKnock Knock!

Who's there?

Abbey!

Abbey who?

Abbey stung me on the nose!Knock Knock

Who's there?

Acid!

Acid who?

Acid down and be quiet!Knock Knock

Who's there?

Acid!

Acid who?

Acidently on purpose!Knock Knock 

Who's there?

Bach!

Bach who?

Bach to work!A pretty young blonde visiting her new doctor for the first time found herself alone in a small waiting room. 

She began undressing nervously, preparing herself for the upcoming examination. Just as she draped the last of her garments over the back of a chair, a light rap sounded on the door and a young doctor strode in. 

Coming to an abrupt halt, the doctor looked his nude patient up and down carefully and with considerable appreciation. 

"Miss Smith," he said finally, "it seems quite obvious to me that until today you have never undergone an eye examination."I was eating a fruit rollup once, you know, with the paper on the bottom...well the instructions were "Do not eat paper." Noooo! I thought the paper was part of the snack!!what happened to the lost boy?
he came to a house and wrote a joke that was exactly like this except in larger font and with a little more umph ya know what i mean a very humerous joke in fact i do believe he is working on more ya know i lied i ain't lost i just like making very very very long jokes sorta like this one ya know what i wrote is called a run on sentence my papa told me about run ons they are fun i can't imagine not having a papa if you don't have one i feel bad for you starting at 'starting' i wrote 100 words thats a lot but still my favorite number is464,546,879,6 but i won't go till there i can't believe i counted my words how nerdy i'm stopping soon wait......... 127 ha buh byeNote: This is an exact replication of National Public Radio (NPR) interview
between a female broadcaster, and US Army General Reinwald, who was about to sponsor a Boy Scout Troop visiting his military installation.

FEMALE INTERVIEWER: So, General Reinwald, what things are you going to teach these young boys when they visit your base?

GENERAL REINWALD: We're going to teach them climbing, canoeing, archery, and shooting.

FEMALE INTERVIEWER: Shooting! that's a bit irresponsible, isn't it?

GENERAL REINWALD: I don't see why, they'll be properly supervised on the rifle range.

FEMALE INTERVIEWER: Don't you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children?"

GENERAL REINWALD: I don't see how; we will be teaching them proper rifle
discipline before they even touch a firearm.

FEMALE INTERVIEWER: But you're equipping them to become violent killers.

GENERAL REINWALD: Well, you're 'equipped' to be a prostitute, but you're not one, are you?

The radio went silent and the interview ended.Little Johnny's mother took her 6-year-old son with her to the bank.

They were in line behind a rather obese lady. As the mother patiently waited, Little Johnny looked at the women in front of him and observed loudly, "Hey, Mom, she's really fat."

The lady looked at Johnny, made eye contact with his mother and gave an understanding smile.  Little' Johnny received a reprimand.

After a minute or two, Little Johnny spread his hands as far as they will go and loudly said, "I bet her butt is 'that' wide."

At this the lady glared at Johnny. His embarrassed mother severely scolds her son.

Again after a couple of minutes Little Johnny stated loudly, "Look how the fat hangs over her belt."

The lady turned and told Johnny's mother to control her child and his mother threatened him with severe bodily harm.
The lady's pager begins to go off.

Lil' Johnny yelled in a panic at the top of his voice, "Run for your life, she's backing up"Little Johnny asks his teacher: "How are the babies made?"

Teacher, not wanting to take the responsibility of explaining such a sensitive subject, suggests that he go home and ask his parents.

When he gets home, Johnny approaches his father with the same question. His father replies, "Oh! that is a long story, you better speak to mother!"

The mother, in her turn, says: "Oh! It is a difficult question, why don't you better speak to granddad!"

Grandfather is sitting on a bench in the garden and eating an apple just when Johnny comes up with the same question. And so he tries to explain: "You see, the apple has little seeds; when they are planted, an apple-tree will grow after a while; and then it will bring new apples. So people also..."

But Johnny has heard enough. He takes a few apples, carefully cuts them to collect the seeds, and puts the seeds into his pants pocket.

The next day at school, Johnny is eager to show off what he's learned, so he approaches his teacher and says, "Now I can explain. But first let me start by showing you what I've got in my pants..."Politians are like constipated people-they're full of shit.What did the pirate say when he got cold?
Shiver me timbers!!!As ham sandwiches go, it was perfection: a thick slab of ham on a fresh bun with crisp lettuce and plenty of expensive, light brown, gourmet mustard. The corners of my jaw aching in anticipation, I carried it to the table in our backyard, picked it up with both hands but was stopped by my wife suddenly at my side.

"Here, hold Johnny (our six-week-old son) while I get my sandwich," she said. 

I had him balanced between my left elbow and shoulder and was reaching again for the ham sandwich when I noticed a streak of mustard on my fingers.

I love mustard.

I had no napkin.

I licked it off. 

It was NOT mustard.

No man ever put a baby down faster. It was the first and only time I have sprinted with my tongue protruding. With a washcloth in each hand, I did the sort of routine shoeshine boys do; only I did it on my tongue.

Later, after she stopped crying from laughing so hard, my wife said, "Now you know why they call that fancy mustard 'Poupon'."

I think I'll go have a salad now...One day a boy walked in the classroom. The teacher asked him why he was late; he said he was on top of Blueberry Hill. The next boy walked in and the teacher asked him why he was late; he said he was on top of Blueberry Hill. The last boy walked in and the teacher asked him why he was late. He said he was on top of Blueberry Hill. Then a girl walked in and the teacher said, "Let me guess, you're late beacause you were on top of Blueberry Hill". Then the girl said, "I am Blueberry Hill".A 16-year-old girl bought herself a very tiny bikini. Very proud, she came home and put it on. She then showed her mother how she looked in it. 

"What do you think mom?" she asked. 

Her mother replied, "If I wore that when I was your age, you would be 5 years older."A brother and sister are in a terrible car accident and the brother is badly injured. 

At the hospital the doctor tells the sister, "His brain is dead, but his pulse is still beating."

The sister replies, "Oh no! We've never had a Democrat in the family before!"Give blood.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Go skateboarding.I can only be kind to one person a day.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Today is not your day.When I walk the dogs, I take a handful of black plastic bags, since the local council requires us to 'clear up after our dogs' or face a stiff fine. This being the wild blackberry season, I use a spare (clean!) one to hold the blackberries I pick on the way. 
Coming off the hill, I passed an American visitor, who said something, looking at the bulging bag. 

"I'm taking them home for supper - they're delicious with cream," I said. 

She turned white. 

Some minutes later I worked out that she had said that the dog-waste bin was just round the corner. 

If I see her again, I must invite her to supper.A blonde was at a department store for the first time and was very confused.

The man beside her was getting irritated at the blonde because she kept asking him so many questions about the store.

He said, "Please! Just stop asking me so many questions!"

"Oh," the blonde replied. "Why?"Kid 1: You did it again!
Kid 2: What? What did I do?
Kid 1: You know, that thing.
Kid 2: What thing?
Kid 1: That thing when your lips move and sound comes out.I know this isn't a joke, but I really need help.  I need some advice on what could be a life changing decision. 

I've suspected for some time now that my girlfriend has been having an affair. The usual signs - phone rings, I answer, someone hangs up. 
She started going out 'with the girls' a lot recently, although when I ask which girls, it is always "Just some friends from work, you don't know them." 
I always look out for her taxi coming home but she always walks down the drive, although I can hear a car setting off, as if she has got out of the car round the corner. Why? Is it not a taxi? 
I once picked her mobile up just to see what time it was, and she went beserk and screamed that I should never touch her phone again, and why was I checking up on her. 

Anyway, I have never approached the subject with my g/f. I think deep down, I just didn't want to know the truth, but last night she went out again and I decided to check on her. 
I decided I was going to hide behind my car, which would give me a view of the whole street so I could see which car she gets out of. It was whilst crouched behind my car that I noticed rust around my rear wheel arch. 

So what should I do? Should I take it into a body repair shop or should I buy some stuff from Halfords and try to repair it myself?You have the right to remain silent.  Exercise it.A man came home from work and found his three children outside, still in their pajamas, playing in the mud, with empty food boxes and wrappers strewn all around the front yard. The door of his wife's car was open, as was the front door to the house and there was no sign of the dog.

Proceeding into the entry, he found an even bigger mess. A lamp had been knocked over, and the throw rug was wadded against one wall. In the front room the TV was loudly blaring a cartoon channel, and the family room was strewn with toys and various items of clothing.

In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, breakfast food was spilled on the counter, the fridge door was open wide, dog food was spilled on the floor, a broken glass lay under the table, and a small pile of sand was spread by the back door.

He quickly headed up the stairs, stepping over toys and more piles of clothes, looking for his wife. He was worried she might be ill, or that something serious had happened. He was met with a small trickle of water as it made its way out the bathroom door. As he peered inside he found wet towels, scummy soap and more toys strewn over the floor. Miles of toilet paper lay in a heap and toothpaste had been smeared over the mirror and walls.

As he rushed to the bedroom, he found his wife still curled up in the bed in her pajamas, reading a novel. She looked up at him, smiled, and asked how his day went. He looked at her bewildered and asked, "What happened here today?"

She again smiled and answered, "You know every day when you come home from work and you ask me what in the world did I do today?"

"Yes," was his incredulous replied.

She answered, "Well, today I didn't do it."Once upon a time, a guy asked a girl, "Will you marry me?"

The girl said, "NO!" 

The guy lived happily ever after and went fishing and hunting.  He played golf a lot, drank beer, and farted whenever he wanted.A couple was about to celebrate 50 years together. 
Their three kids, all very successful and wealthy, agreed to a Sunday dinner in honour of their parents. As usual, they were all late and had varied excuses. 

"Happy anniversary, Mom and Dad," gushed son number one. "Sorry, I'm running late... I just didn't have the time to get you a present." 

"No worry," said Dad. "The important thing is that we're all together." 

Son number two arrived and announced, "Just flew in from L.A. and didn't have time to get you anything... I'm sorry." 

"It's nothing," said the father, "just glad you could be here today." 

The daughter arrived. "Happy anniversary! I'm sorry, but I've been out of town and didn't bring a present." 

Again the father said, "I really don't care, at least the five of us are together today." 

Later, during dinner, the father put down his fork, looked up and said, "Listen, you three, there's something your mother and I need to tell you. We came to this country penniless and desperate. Despite this, we were able to raise you and send you to college. But we never got around to getting married." 

The three kids gasped and said, in unison, "You mean we're BASTARDS?" 

"Yep," said the dad. "And cheap ones, too!"Why should you never play poker in the jungle?

-because there are too many cheatahs!!Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?Two Scottish nuns had just arrived to the US by boat when one said to the other, "I heard that the occupants of this country actually eat dogs."

"Odd," her companion replied, "but if we shall live in America, we might as well do as the Americans do."

Nodding emphatically, the mother superior pointed to a hot dog vendor and they both walked towards it.

"Two dogs, please," said one.

The vendor was only too pleased to oblige and he wrapped both hot dogs in foil. Excited, the nuns hurried over to a bench and began to unwrap their 'dogs.'

The mother superior was first to open hers, then, stared at it for a moment, leaned over to the other nun and whispered cautiously, "What part did you get?"Say this out loud:

this is a cat 
is is a cat
how is a cat
to is a cat
keep is a cat
a is a cat
dumbass is a cat
busy is a cat
for is a cat
forty is a cat
seconds is a cat
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
now read only the first word of each line!!

THIS is a cat 
IS is a cat
HOW is a cat
TO is a cat
KEEP is a cat
A is a cat
DUMBASS is a cat
BUSY is a cat
FOR is a cat
FORTY is a cat
SECONDS is a catA woman went in for a breast exam.  The doctor said, "Have a seat.  I have to numb your breasts first."

The woman said, "Okay."

So the doctor put his face between her breasts and said, "Numb, numb, numb, numb, numb."Did you have cookie for lunch?  'Cuz your face is kinda krummy.Why was Moses wandering through the desert for 40 years?

Because blokes refuse to ask for directions.The was a man named Jimmy who was on a job interview in another state that he didn't know very well. While he was driving he became very tired. Noticing there were no hotels in sight, he pulled over in the driveway and knocked on the door. A old man in his 60s greeted him.

"Hi, Im sorry to disturb you, but I am very tired. May I sleep here just for tonight?" Jimmy asked.

The old man cleared his thoat and said,"Well, I don't have any more rooms available, but you can sleep with my daughter if you don't disturb her."

Jimmy nodded his head and agreed, and the old man showed him the room. "See you in the morning," said the old man.

Jimmy stripped his clothes off and got into the bed.  He fell asleep right away. The only problem was he keep waking up when he touched the farmers daughter.

Morning finally came around and he went downstairs. The old man was at the stove cooking some breakfast. 

"Your daughter was really cold last night and it's really weird how she doesn't toss and turn, even when a stranger is in her bed," Jimmy said.

" Well, what did you expect? We're going to bury her today."What is the medical term for a woman getting a sex change?

An adadictomy 



(add-a-dick-to-me)An Irish couple were having a dinner party and the wife, Patty, was very concerned that this dinner go off with out a hitch. She sent the husband, Phillip, off to get some escargot (snails) for an appetizer. She said to him "Don't stop at the local pub, I need you back here right away." 

So off he goes. After a while he doesn't come back and Patty is getting more and more nervous. 

About 5 hours later, after the dinner had ended, Phillip, obviously drunk, was just getting into the driveway of the house when he slipped and the snails went flying everywhere. Patty came out of the house and said to him, "Where have you been this whole time?"
Thinking quickly Phillip bent down, looked at the snails and replied, "Come on, little fellers, you're almost home."Yo momma is so fat that she fell over and made the Grand Canyon!The secret to enjoying a good wine is: 

1 - Open the bottle to allow it to breathe.
2 - When it does not breathe, give it mouth-to-mouthMother decided that 7-year-old Cathy should get something 'practical' for her birthday.

"Suppose we open a savings account for you?" mother suggested. Cathy was delighted.

"It's your account, darling," mother said as they arrived at the bank, "so you fill out the application."

Cathy was doing fine until she came to the space for 'Name of your former bank.' After a slight hesitation, she put down 'Piggy.'I did your mom...


















...a favor by making you...
















...lunch.Q: Why did the Iraqi chicken cross the road?
A: To take over the other side.Sam:  "Cas, phone for you!"

Cas:  "Okay, thanks, Sam."  --BEEP OF PHONE BEING TURNED ON--  "Hello?  Oh, hi...."

--AFTER PHONE CONVERSATION--

Sam:  "So, who was it?"

Cas:  "Heather."

Sam:  "What did she want?"

Cas:  "Our phone number."3 Hints to arguing with blondes:
1.) Use small easy to understand words.
2.) Keep your sentences short and to the point.
3.) Use, what I like to call, "Blonde logic" aka logic that only makes sense to them or on occasion other blondes.An old hillbilly farmer had a wife who nagged him unmercifully. From morning till night (and sometimes later), she was always complaining about something. The only time he got any relief was when he was out plowing with his old mule. He tried to plow a lot. 
One day, when he was out plowing, his wife brought him lunch in the field. He drove the old mule into the shade, sat down on a stump, and began to eat his lunch. Immediately, his wife began haranguing him again. Complain, nag, nag; it just went on and on. 

All of a sudden, the old mule lashed out with both hind feet; caught her smack in the back of the head. 

Killed her dead on the spot. 

At the funeral several days later, the minister noticed something rather odd. When a woman mourner would approach the old farmer, he would listen for a minute, then nod his head in agreement; but when a man mourner approached him, he would listen for a minute, then shake his head in disagreement. This was so consistent, the minister decided to ask the old farmer about it. 

So after the funeral, the minister spoke to the old farmer, and asked him why he nodded his head and agreed with the women, but always shook his head and disagreed with all the men. 

The old farmer said: "Well, the women would come up and say something about how nice my wife looked, or how pretty her dress was, so I'd nod my head in agreement." 

"And what about the men?" the minister asked. 

"They all wanted to know if the mule was for sale."May your troubles be as few and far between as your great-grandmother's teeth.Q: What's the worst time to be a rat or a mouse?

A: When it's raining cats and dogs!Yo Momma's so fat, when she walks down the street and hums, the kids all run after her, waving money and yelling, "Ice Cream truck! Ice Cream truck!"Did you know... in Louisiana it is illegal to tie an alligator to a fire hydrant and leave it unattended? Really! It's true!The Frenchman and the Italian were in the woods, hunting together when suddenly a beautiful blonde girl raced across their path, totally nude!
"Would I love to eat that?" "Oui, oui!" The Frenchman said, smacking his lips.
So the Italian shot her.The following are questions the answers to I wish I knew:

If one hermaphrodite dates another hermaphrodite, are they gay, straight or bisexual?

Why does the cat always use the litter box right before I need to brush my teeth?

Who is Murphy and what sad life did he lead to have that law named after him?

Why do they keep making things smaller and smaller when all that does is make them easier to lose?

Why are there so many 24%s in my joke recomender?

And why oh why are there so many of these lists?Dr. Calvin Rickson, a scientist from Texas A&M University has invented a bra that keeps women's breasts from jiggling and prevents the nipples from pushing through the fabric when cold weather sets in. 
After a news conference announcing the invention, a large group of men took Dr. Rickson outside and kicked the shit out of him.How do we know that Christ was Irish?

Because he was 33; still lived at home; thought his mother was a virgin, and she thought he was the son of God.It is obvious. The downfall of the world is here. It is 2005 and we have lived on this earth for ages. I suppose it is about time for the end. 
Proof? You want proof? I have all the proof you will need:

They let Brittney Spears reproduce.

Ohh that poor poor child!!A man and a woman had been married for ten years and decided to try and have kids. They had not been using birth control for the entire time they had been married, so they thought they may have a problem conceiving.

The woman, who was hard of hearing, decided to go to the gynecologist and see if the problem was with her. The doctor examined her and came in to give her the conclusions.

He said, "I'm sorry, but the problem is with you. You have insufficient passion, and if you ever have a baby, it will be a miracle."

The woman was very upset and went home crying. Her husband got home and asked her what was wrong.

She said, "The doctor told me I've got a fish up my passage and if I ever have a baby it will be a mackerel."The man tells his doctor that his wife hasn't wanted to have sex with him for the past 7 months. The physician tells the man to bring his wife in so he can talk to her. When the wife comes to office, the doctor asks her why she doesn't want to have sex with her husband any more. 

"For the last 7 months," the wife replies, "every morning I take a cab to work. I don't make much money and my husband doesn't give more than bus fare, so the cab driver always asks me, 'So are you going to pay today or what?' I always give him an 'or what'. 

That makes me late to work. I'm late, so the boss asks me, 'So are we going to dock your salary, or what?' That's another 'or what.' 

On the way home, I take the cab and again I don't have any money so the cab driver asks me, 'So are you going to pay this time or what?' And, again, I do an 'or what'. 

So you see, Doctor, when I get home I'm all tired out and I don't want sex any more." 

The doctor thinks for a second. "So," he says, "are we going to tell your husband or what?"How many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

A: One, men will screw anything.How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?


A: 50... 1 to hold the lightbulb, and 49 to drink 'till the room spins!A male blue whale, can ejaculate 40 gallons of sperm during sex.

Only 10% of that will get to the female.

The other 36 gallons is left in the sea.

No wonder the sea's so salty.How do you catch an elephant?

Dig a hole, put peanuts around it, fill it with ashes and when the elephant goes to eat the peanuts, kick him in the ash hole.Your momma is so old, she breast fed Methuselah.Found in micellaneous things.

If at first you don't succeed, skydiving isn't for you.

I don't have a short attention span, it's just that I-

Etc.:a sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do.

My mind not only wanders; sometimes it leaves completely. 

If your dog is fat, you're not getting enough exercise.

Without geography, you're nowhere.

When someone tells you nothing is impossible, tell him to dribble a football.

Man who scratch ass should not bite fingernail.

Baseball is wrong; man with four balls cannot walk.

Man who drives like hell, bound to get there.

It takes many nails to build a crib, but one screw to fill it.

Crowded elevator smells different to midgets.

Man who stands on toilet is high on pot.

That will be all for now. CiaoOne day, a little Indian boy came up to an old man in the village (In the Indian heritage, the oldest are most wise). The little boy asks, "How do we Indians get their names? Like... Blackhawk, or Redeyes?" The old man says, "Well, actually, when they are born, the first thing we see is what we name them." "Oh! Okay, thanks!" says the little boy. "Any more questions, Two Dogs Fucking?"If you want to know how to make a blonde's eyes sparkle......Shine a flashlight in her ear.Q. How do you keep a blond from whistling while she is skydiving? 
A. Make sure she wears underwear.Roses are red
Violets are blue
God made me pretty
What the heck happened to you?Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray for a man who's not a creep.
One who's handsome, smart and strong,
And doesn't mind admitting when he's wrong, 

One who thinks before he speaks,
When he promises to call,
he won't wait two weeks. 

I pray that he is gainfully employed,
And when I spend his cash he won't be annoyed
& opens my door & begs to do more 

Oh, send me a man who will make love to my mind,
knows just what to say when I ask,
"How Big is My Behind!?!" 

One who will kiss me till my body's twitchin',
In the hall, the shower, the garden and the kitchen.
I pray this man will love me no end, and never 
attempts to date my best friend. 

And, as I kneel and pray by my bed ... 
I look at the Butt Head you sent me instead! 

                    ~ Amen ~One day a boy said to his mom, "I'm a Picses, what are you?" 
The the mom answered, "Cancer." 
The boy then asked in a shocked state, "You killed Grandma?"Donald Rumsfeld is giving the president his daily briefing. He concludes by saying: "Yesterday, 3 Brazilian soldiers were killed." 
"OH NO!" the President exclaims. "That's terrible!" 

His staff sits stunned at this display of emotion, nervously watching as the President sits, head in hands. 

Finally, the President looks up and asks, "How many is a brazillion?"Today in history class the topic was the Incas. Hoping to see if the students had done the reading, the teacher calls on random students and asks them questions. 
"Where could the Incas be found?" The teacher's first question. "Jonie?" foolishly she called on the blonde.
Not having actually done the homework, and only halfway hearing the question, she guesses: "In the pen?"A boy was going to church on Sunday. His mom gave him $40 so that he could put $20 in the offering plate and use $20 to buy anything on the way. On his way to the church he lost the $40, so he went back to look for it. He found $20, then looked up and said, "God, here is mine. Go and look for yours!"Dave had obtained a new hunting dog and was raving about it to his colleagues at work endlessly. The dog could do this, the dog could do that, the dog was amazing, etc. Finally, after three weeks of listening to this, Dave's coworkers demanded to go on a hunt with Dave and his dog so they could see the dog in action for themselves.

The following weekend, they all went duck hunting in the fields and after the sun rose, Dave turned the dog loose to hunt.  The damn dog was gone for three hours and everyone, including Dave, was getting anxious about what had happened to the dog.  Finally, the dog comes romping into camp with a stick in its mouth and immediately jumps on Dave's leg and started humping his leg and furiously shaking the stick in its mouth.  The other members of the group were busting out laughing at this ridiculous display and berating Dave over how stupid his dog was.  Finally, Dave quieted the group and explained the dog's actions thus: 

He's telling me "There are more fucking ducks out there than you can shake a stick at."A lady was at the bar when a guy started hitting on her. She said "I'll send my pants to you from the dry cleaners, that way you can get into them on you own time."Flea: (noun) a small, wingless, bloodsucking parasite

(see also) a. Brother-in-law
              b. lawyer
              c. politicianKnock-Knock, 
Who's there?
Alarm. 
Alarm who?
Alarm the cops about all the partying I've been having!!I-rish my beer was full...Two men were riding on a train. One of them had a  bottle in his coat pocket, and the other one wanted it. Finally the train went through a dark tunnel and the man was able to take the bottle out and drink up all the "whisky" inside of it. Then he put it back into the other man's pocket. When the train came out of the tunnel, the man who owned the bottle took it out of his pocket, opened it up, and spit into it.Q. How do you keep a jack ass in suspense?



A. I`ll tell you tomorrow.Here's a lighted dynamite stick, please hold it until I get back.Help reduce air pollution, stop breathingKeep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent.Keep talking, I always yawn when I'm interested.Your mouth is so big you could swallow a whole banana... 






...sidewaysA half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it.As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?Someone dropped $50. Who do you think will pick it up?

A.) An honest politician
B.) A five year old child
C.) Santa Claus

B.) A 5 year old child, all the others aren't real.Q. Why did the dog fall out of the tree? A. Because it was dead

Q Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? A. Because it was stapled to the dog!

Q. Why did the tree fall over? A. Because it thought it was a game.1. Did you hear about the man who had a shower without getting his hair wet?

He was bald!

2. Did you hear about the boy who was named after his father?

His name was Dad!Q.) How does a blonde make a stainless ink pen?

A.) She doesn't put ink in it.Yo mama so stupid, when her softball coach said to keep her eye on the ball, she stared at the softball for 3 days straight!This is a true story told to me.

A big city news anchor is driving along the freeway when his young son asks him, "Daddy, what does motherf____r mean?"

He turns to his son, "That's a really bad word, don't ever say that again. Where did you learn that?!?!?"

His son answers innocently, "Well, that's what you just said about that car you said cut you off."Two male flies are buzzing around, cruising for good looking female flies. One spots a real cutie sitting on a pile of horse manure and dives down toward her. "Pardon me," he says, turning on his best charm, "...but is this stool taken?"This is a story about a popular young Rabbi, who on Sabbath eve, announced to his congregation that he would not renew his contract. He explained that he must move on to a larger congregation that would pay him more. There is a hush; no one wanted him to leave. 

Sol Epstein, who owned several new car dealerships, stood up and proclaimde, "If the Rabbi stays, I will provide him with a new Cadillac every year and his wife with a Honda mini-van to transport their children!" The congregation sighed with appreciation and applauded. 

Sam Goldstein, the entrepreneur and investor, stood and said, "If the Rabbi stays here, I'll personally double his salary, and also establish a foundation to guarantee the college education of his children!" More sighs and loud applause follow.

Sadie Goldfarb, age 80, stood and announced with a smile, "If the Rabbi stays, I'll give him sex!" 

There is total silence. The Rabbi, blushing, asked her, "Mrs. Goldfarb, what on Earth possessed you to say that?" 

Sadie's husband is now trying to hide, holding his forehead with the palm of his hand. Sadie answered, "Well, I just asked my husband how we could help, and he said, 'Screw the Rabbi.'"Two blondes are filling up at a gas station. The first one says to the other, "I bet these awful gas prices are going even higher". 
The second replies, "It won't affect me. I always buy exactly $10 worth".Pedro was driving down the street, in a panic, because he had an important meeting and couldn't find a parking place. Looking up toward heaven, he said "Lord, take pity on me. If you find me a parking place, I will go to Mass every Sunday for the rest of my life and give up tequila." Miraculously, a parking place appeared. Pedro looked up again and said "Never mind. I found one."A lady gynecologist, was concerned that she was be being lied to everytime she took her car in to have it worked on. She knew very little about cars, so when she heard the local college was having classes in auto repair, she signed up. She studied very hard and was one of the best students. When the final exam came she took her time and did the best she could. She got the results backand she passed with a 150 percent out of 100 percent. When she got her grade she couldn't figure it out, so she called her professor. The professor told her, "I gave you 50 percent for passing the written test, 50 percent for taking the engine apart and putting back together, and another 50 percent for doing it thru the muffler."A new father goes into the delivery room to see his newborn baby boy. The doctor pulls him aside and says, " I have the most amazing news! Your boy can fly!" The doctor sees the doubt in the father's eyes so he offers a demonstration. He picks up the little boy, holds him high in the air and lets go. The baby falls to the floor with a loud thump. 

"You son of a bitch!" screams the new father, ready to kill the doctor. " Wait! Something must be wrong! He flew this morning. Let me try again!" He flings the boy across the room and he slams against the wall and slides down to the floor. 

"Oh my god! I am going to kill you!" shrieks the father as he is running towards the baffeled doctor. "No, no, wait, I know what I did wrong. I promise it will work this time." He opens the window and tosses the kid out. The kid of course falls seven stories and dies on the impact of the fall. By this time the father is choking the doctor. With his last breath the doctor says, "I was just messing with you! Your son was born dead!"Knock-Knock
Who's there?
life
life who?
A life is what you need to get!What's gross?
Two vampires fighting over a bloody tampon. 

What's grosser than that? 
Finding a used condom on the bottom of a mayonnaise jar. 

What's grosser than that? 
When you open the refigerator and the rump rost farts in your face. 

You want to know what's grosser than that? 
When you sit on your grandpa's lap and he pops a boner. 

But the one thing that is grosser than that is when you are siting on your grandma's lap and she pops a boner.How do you catch a unique rabbit?


Unique up on it.How do crazy people go through the forest?


They take the psycho path.What Do You Call Four Bullfighters In Quicksand?


Quattro Sinko.Q.) What do you ask a kid wearing a muscle shirt
but has no muscles?

A.) Did you leave your muscles in your other muscle shirt?Q.)Your child poops in their pants- what do you do?

A.)Drop off the child at day-care and make them change it.Q) What does a blond say when she comes out of a lesbian bar?
A) Wow, those people sure were friendly!A wife asked her husband well you remarry if I die?
Husband:(caught off guard) He said no, I already did....
CRAP!!!My friend Sam was taking electricity as one of his high school electives, originally being interested in robotics. Unfortunately, he changed his mind, but was still stuck with finishing his despised electricity books. "Do you have any idea of a direction you are going to go now?" asked my mother. He shook his head. "No idea..." That's when my dad jumped in. "Well, even though you won't use it in your career, now you will know what happens electrically when you push the little red button and say 'Welcome to Sheetz, Pump 5 is on.'"A blond goes up to a brunette that's wearing a puffy wig with two green ribbons on each front side.
The blond says "NICE CAT! HOW DID YOU GET IT TO BALANCE ON YOUR HEAD?"
The brunette tears up and says  "ITS A WIG! MY FRIENDS TOLD ME IT WAS IN FASHION AND I GUESS THEY HATE ME!!!"
The brunette runs home and never noticed that she was talking to a blond. So in the end the brunette was a blond too.Your momma so ugly she didn't even have to dress up for Halloween, and still scared everybody, and made some people say, "Nice costume!"Yo momma is so stupid, she tried to kill 2 stones with one bird!Billymac: "Those there are award winnin' cows."
BubbaJr.: "What'd they do?"
Billymac: "They're outstandin' in their field"You might be a redneck if..... you went weeks without food or shelter just so you could have front row seats to a Brooks-n'-Dunn concert.If "poly" means "many" and a tic is a bloodsucking creature, than what are politicians?What do you call a dog without legs?

It doesn't matter - he won't come, anyway.A blond and her friends went to a bank to rob it.  The blond's job was to get the code for the vault they wanted to rob.  Finally, the blond came back to the vault and began punching in numbers.  Each time she typed in a number it beeped a different sound.  A friend asked, "Do you know the code?"

The blond said, "No, but listen."  She made a whole bunch of beeps then said, "It's the funky town music!"Q.)Why do kids pick their nose?

A.)BECAUSE THEY ARE TOO DARN LAZY TO GET A TISSUE
AND THEIR FAVORITE SHOW IS ON. EVEN THOUGH THEY'VE SEEN IT 1 HUNDRED TIMES, CAN'T MISS A SECOND TO GET A TISSUE, WHEN THEY HAVE THEIR FINGER FOR FAST AND EASY ANSWER FOR THEIR BOGERY NOSE!

Q.) How do you make them stop?

A.) Glue a tissue box full of tissues to their head.Q.) What does a blond think a leprechaun is?

A.) An elf. But she only sees it when it's near the holidays and has drunk an Irish drink. Even though her parents keep telling her they aren't real...Q: Why do people have small dogs?

A: So they can carry them in their bags, and when the person farts, they can blame it on the dog.To all who do NOT believe in evolution, I have proof:
MY spaghetti from two weeks ago has started growing arms and legs and I think it just called me, "Mommy". 



By the way, I, myself, do NOT believe in the theory of evolution.You're a redneck if:  

The only thing you swing a bat at is a mailbox.You are a redneck if: 


Your mother has ammo on her Christmas list!You are a redneck if:

Directions to your house include ''Turn off the paved road...''The funniest bumper sticker is: 


Keep honking I'm reloading!You are a redneck if: 

You like to brag you learned to fire a shotgun before you could walk.Where do cats go to find their tail?  



The retail store.What does a grape say when it gets squished? 




Nothing, it just lets out a little whine.Many employers motivate workers with bonuses. Some offer gym memberships, a few even supply day care for their working mothers and fathers. Our bosses go a step further. A sign posted in our break room read:
New Incentive Plan . . . Work or get fired!There's a man with three daughters. 

The first daughter(a Brunette) comes up and says "Daddy why'd you name me Daisy"  the dad says" 'cause when you were born a daisy fell on your head."

The second daughter (a red-head) comes up and says "Daddy why'd you name me Rose" the dad says "'cause when you were born a rose fell on your head."

The third daughter (a blonde) comes up and says "kjaglifvgjlfj" the dad says "SHUTUP CINDERBLOCK"I used to be schizophrenic, but now we're just fineQ: How many polititians does it take to screw in a    
     light bulb?

A: 6  
Clinton to start the screwing enitiative,
        
Nixon to steal public tax money to campain for the support of the light bulb initiative,

Jimmy Carter to bore people to death about the campain

Reagan to reasure the American public that it is necesary and ok to change the light bulb

Bush jr. to make a mess of the initiative........

.........and Hillary to come smack the s#%@ out of her husband for screwing around!!!Sometimes, I worry about you...


But then i remember that my mom told me never to anthropomorphize.A woman is having a problem with her closet door, it was falling off every time a bus was passing by. 

So she called a repair man. 

The repairman comes and sees that indeed, the door falls off every time a bus passes by. 

"OK, I'm going to see what is going on, just close the door behind me" and he steps into the closet. 

Just then, the husband comes from work, opens the closet and finds the repairman. 

Husband: "What the hell are you doing here!" 

Repairman: "Well, you're not going to believe it, but I'm waiting for a bus!"A guy walks into a bar and orders three whiskey sours, drinks them down BAM! BAM! BAM! Then he orders three more. The bartender's having a slow night and appreciates the business, but is also concerned. 

"Hey buddy, slow down. What seems to be the problem?" 

The guy answers, "I went on a week-long business trip, and had to leave my wife alone. I've had my suspicions about our next-door neighbor, so I hung a weight from the bottom of the bedspring just above a bowl of cream." 

The bartender nods sympathetically and pours the guy another. "So you came home and found cream on the weight?" 

The guy downs his fourth whiskey sour and says, "It's worse than that. The cream had turned into butter."The following actually occured last year in a resturaunt in Redford, Michigan.  
________________________________________________
So........There's an empty bar,at the far right a man
walks up, sits down, and orders a ginger ale.

Another guy sits down at the opposite side of the bar a few minutes later and orders a glass of white wine. He says aloud in a quiet voice, "How could our President try to stop gay marriage?"

Then the man at the far right answered, "Because marriage is bettween a man and a women and anyone who disagrees is going to have to change how they feel eventually if they want to go to heaven." (He sips his ginger ale, and puts his head in his hand to support himself.)

"But really why? That seems so biased. It just doesn't seem fair. Why must he do this?"

"Because my God deems such things unlawful, and apparently the President seems to agree with him."

"Really..."(noding his head in an inquisetive way, expecting to be enlightend). He asked, "What else does your God disaprove of?"

"Pork."Q.) What kind of service has a two for one "Tuesday" special?










A.) Yo mama!!!A boy came back from school and noticed that his  father was wearing his weeding  ring  at  the  wrong  finger.  He asked his father, "Why are you wearing  your ring on the wrong hand and finger?" And the  father said,"Because I married the wrong wife."Quasimodo, the bell-ringer for the Notre Dame cathedral in Paris, goes to the cardinal. "Cardinal, I'm getting pretty old and I'd like to retire, and live the rest of my life peacefully." The cardinal says, "That's fine Quasi, we'll just let the town crier know so he can put out the call to find a new bell-ringer." The cardinal does this, and both he and Quasimodo hear the town crier announcing the job opening.
	After about three weeks, they are shocked because they haven't had anyone come for the job opening. The cardinal and Quasimodo are down on the steps talking, "Quasi," said the cardinal, "I'm sorry to say this but I can't let you go retire. We don't have anyone to ring the bells if you go. We'll keep the job offer open to anyone, but no one seems to want to do it." As he was speaking, an armless man runs up, and out of breath says, "I'm --- here about --- the bell -- ringing job. Is it still --- available?" The cardinal looks to Quasimodo and says, "Hey, it's your choice to try him out." Quasimodo nods his shoulders and leads the man up to the bell tower.
	As they arrive on the platform, Quasimodo explains to the man how the job works. "Well, you take this large rope here and pull on it really hard, which moves the bell, causing the clapper inside the bell to hit the sides and make it ring. As you can well guess, we pull the rope once for each hour. It's almost three 'o' clock now, so I'll ring the bell the first time, and you have to ring it the second time." He looks out the window, watches the sun for a moment, then goes over and pulls the bell rope. *CLANG* the bell rings. "Ok, you're turn."
	The armless man goes over to the rope and tries to get a good pull on it by grabbing it with his shoulder and head, pulling it with his teeth, stepping on the rope all to no avail. "Come on man, it was only 1 'o' clock two hours ago, we gotta get this bell rung." The man, obviously flustered, looks around. He then takes about ten steps away from the bell and leans forward. Then, as fast as his legs can carry him, he charges at the bell. *CLANG* the bell rings from the man's head hitting the bell. Quasimodo cringes as the man stumbles around for a moment. "Sorry to have to say this, but you have to ring that bell one more time," says Quasimodo. The man stumbles around for another moment and then steps back, and runs at the bell again. *CLANG* the bell goes off again. Right as Quasimodo is about to tell the guy "Good Job", the man, still dazed, stumbles around and falls out the window, all the way to the steps of the cathedral below, dying instantly.
	The cardinal runs out to the man's body, turns around and looks at the window the man fell from, and Quasimodo is now leaning out of. "Quasimodo, get your ass down here NOW!" he yells. Quasimodo runs down to the front of the cathedral, and in front of the enraged cardinal. "Quasi, I thought we fixed the problem we had before and you promised you weren't going to throw people from the bell tower. What the hell happened?!?" Quasimodo explains the story to him. The cardinal then says, "Well, we should let his family know about this. Did he tell you his name, where he lived, anything?" 
	Quasimodo answers him, "No, we never even mentioned his name or where he was from. I don't know anything about him, but his face sure rings a bell."Q: Why don't blond chicks date blond guys?

A: To avoid inbreeding.Vini vedi velcro
(I came, I saw, I stuck around)So two farmers are standing next to a cow and one farmer says:

1st guy: "Hey Larry, you know how your birthday's tomorrow?"
2nd guy: "Uh huh."
1st guy: "I made a cake."
2nd guy: "Uh huh."

......*long pause*......

Cow: "Hey Larry, you know how your birthday's tomorrow?"
2nd guy:"Uh huh."
Cow: "I made a pie."
2nd guy:"Uh huh."Here are some things learned in MY lifetime: 

1)  If you want something very bad and your parents won't let you, give them a lower lip, blink your eyes really fast, and say please 3,000 times until they crack.  

2) NEVER ask your dad about Shakespeare or Math homework, unless you want a 5 hour lecture. 

3) NEVER TALK TO STRANGERS unless if they have free candy and aren't Michael Jackson.  

4) If anyone bullies you, just laugh and think, "MAN!, I can't wait for them to be dead." 

5) If you do succeed in something, dont brag, just gloat. 

6) When things look bad, give them to the homeless. 

7) When you're in a fist fight, ALWAYS KNEE THEM IN THE FAMILY JEWELS then run away until it's December.  

8) When your sad, don't get mad, get even.  

9) When your parents are telling you something important, pretend you're listening and nod your head like you are agreeing.  

10) The Holy Water at Church isn't water to drink.  

11) When you get a bad grade on something, and your parents say why did you get this horrible grade, always say you did the best you could. 

12) NEVER ask a dork for the time of the Bears Game. 

13) When you are in love, don't do it in school, do it after school behind the dumpster. 

14) When you are in trouble, urge your way to be in your room.  (with the gameboy, X box, T.V. and PS2.)  

15) In football, when the quarterback says HIKE, that doesn't mean that he got kicked in the ass.  

16) When Spongebob rips his pants, that's normal. 

17)  When you are in Religion and you are daydreaming and the teacher says, "And so the answer is what, ( your name )?"  Just say "GOD" it's the answer to pretty much anything. Right? 

18) Always order pizza saying "Why" after every question the waiter says. 

19) When people on the street are selling those suckers and they take your money to foundations,  as sweet as it may be, never take the sucker, you never know where it has been. 

20) When you lose the romote, look under you. 

 Well I hope you like these interesting things and take note to them.Q.) Why do homeless people love to go to church?

A.) There is always free water.You Are A Redneck If:

You light a match in your bathroom and it blows your house off its wheels!What do you call a lion wearing a hat?

A Dandy Lion.Q.) Why did the dog go to court? 

A.) Because it got a barking ticket.Q: What is a cheerleader's favorite drink? 

A: Root Beer!If you ask a Bears fan what his or her two favorite teams are they would be: 

- The Bears 

- And whoever the Green Bay Packers are playing.Mrs. Blondie, do swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you, god?

Yes I do.
------------------------------------------------------------

Q. Mrs. Blondie did you ever stay all night with this man in California?

A. I refuse to answer that question.

Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Michigan?

A. I refuse to answer that question.

Q. Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?

A. No.8 dumb headlines!
   Can you figure out what they are trying to say?


1. Subway Finds Dirtier Subways After Cleaning Jobs Were Cut -New York times

2. Study Finds Sex, Pregnancy Link -Cornell Daily Sun

3. Low Wages Said Key To Poverty -Newsday

4. Malls Try To Atract Shoppers- Baltimore Sun

5. Official: Only Rain Will Cure Drought -Westport Herald News

6.  Teenage Girls Often Have Babies Fathered By Men- Oregonian

7. Man Shoots Neighbor With Machete

8. Free Advice: Bundle Up When Out In The Cold -Lexington Herald-LeaderI'm racist because I have colored TV.What do you say to Mexican with a high salary?

Can I have ketchup on those fries?Kung Chow called his boss and said: "Hey, boss I not come work today, I really sick. I got headache, stomach ache, leg hurt, I not come work."

The boss says: "Kung Chow I really need you today.
When I feel sick like this I go to my wife and tell her to give me sex. That makes me feel better and I can go to work. You should try that."

Two hours later Kung Chow calls again: "Boss, I do what you say and I feel great, I be at work soon. You got nice house."What did the Chinese people call their retarded son?

Sum Ting WongNow I haven't known you very long and I shouldn't be asking you for this so soon, but I really need it badly. 

I haven't had it for a while and I can already feel it going in good and hard and coming out nice and soft. 

If you would do this for me no one would ever know. 

I am sure you can satisfy my needs and I'd be very grateful if you would. 

I am very desperate and I need your help. 

You must think by now that I have a lot of nerve but I can feel my tongue wrapping around it and sucking out all the juices until it's very dry. 

I am not going to beat around the bush any longer, so - 

Do you have a piece of gum?A Christian, playing an active role in his church's activites, backslided and started leading a wayward life. He was usually drunk most of the time and on one occasion, as he was staggering back home after leaving a beer parlor, he fell into a gutter.
  He staggered back up, put one leg inside the gutter and kept going like that until his pastor saw him. "What are you doing brother?" the pastor asked while pulling him out of the gutter. The drunk then started shouting, "I am healed, I am healed, praise the Lord."
   The embarrassed pastor then said, "I only pulled you out of the gutter," The drunk then stuttered, "Lord of Mercy, I thought I had been crippled by God."What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend?

Homeless!


P.S. This works for just about any instrument player.What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  WELL HUNGQ) What do you call an ant from overseas?


A) ImportantA cannibal went to a brain store one day because he was craving brains. he decided he wanted to try a musician's brains to see if they taste any different.

He looked around and saw the prices.

Trumpet Brains-$25.00/pound
Trombone Brains-$1.00/pound
Percussion Brains- 10.00/pound
Tuba Brains-$0.50/pound 
Colorguard Brains-$0.25/pound
Clairinet Brains-$1000.00/pound
Flute Brains-$0.50/pound

So the cannibal turned and saw a man that worked there. He said to the guy: 

"Why are the clarinet brains so expensive?" 

The man replied "DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY CLAIRINET PLAYERS YOU HAVE TO KILL TO GET ONE POUND OF BRAINS?"I don't think my parents liked me. They put a live teddy bear in my crib.What is Kermit the Frog's middle name?

The.Yo momma so poor, she cleans her shoes with a pencil."Wow," said Joan after she saw that her friend got glasses.  

"You like my new glasses?", asked Peter.

"Yep. They make you look really smart.", replied Joan.

"I know. That's what my mom said. That's why I wear them in math class."In the future, man is exploring the universe. Due to the excessive cost, they can only send out small teams of explorers to search and investigate the millions of planets they come across. One such team lands on a barren planet that seems to be just one big rock. As they investigate, their sensors pick up life signs. They follow the sensor until they come up on a large stone sentinel (guard) crouched down with its arms around its legs. They can detect life signs from it, but it doesn't move, doesn't appear to breathe. 
They call back to their commanders on Earth and report this abnormal situation. Because of this, many great scientific minds, military generals, politicians, and technical wizards are sent to try to interact with this leviathan. After many months, every walk of life has come to try to communicate with the sentinel, but nothing happens. It just sits there with its arms around its legs.
Finally, one of the teamsters who sets up the stage occasionally when some big-shot dignitary comes thinking he can do better than the smartest people in the galaxy. He turns to the sentinel and in frustration yells, "Will this thing EVER communicate with us?!?!?!"
Suddenly the sound of stone grinding against stone starts, and the great stone sentinel stands up. It scratches its chin pensively, then blurts out, "No." It then crouches down again and assumes the same position it was in before.

Another teamster who saw this turns to the man who yelled at the sentinel originally and says, "Well, it only stands to reason."Yo Momma is so fat, that when she finally lost her spare tire, she still had an 18 wheeler to go!What did the popsicle say to the lollypop as he was leaving?

So long, sucker!What did the lollipop say to the popsicle?

'Cool, dude!'Hey! Is that your head or did your neck blow a bubble?!Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road? 
A:  Because the chicken had the day off!You are a redneck if: 

Your shotgun is named after your girlfriend.You are a redneck if: 

you have the same number of teeth as you have fingers.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever killed someone over a "kick me" sign.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever searched for gold in your grandpa's chest and had your fingers taken off by the booby trap within.You are a redneck if: 

you won money of your dead grandpa by playing
poker with him.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever had to towel dry after a fart.You are a redneck if: 

you have a glass eye collection.You are a redneck if:

Your pet groundhog has ever bitten more than one of your thumbs off.You are a redneck if:

one wall of your home is a tarp.When I was a little boy, I was considered clever 
for my age.

When you were a little boy, you must have eaten
paint chips.Q) How many blondes does it take to make  chocolate chip cookies?                      
                                                                           A) 25! 

One to mix the batter and 24 to peel the m&m's.I bought some powdered water but I don't know what to add to it.I bought a dog the other day. I named him Stay. It's fun to call him. "Come here, Stay! Come here, Stay!" He went insane. Now he just ignores me and keeps typing.How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier. I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.Droughts happen because God didn't pay his water bill.Change is inevitable... except from vending machines."Ahhhh..."

"Mike! What's wrong?"

"I-I had a nightmare."

"What was the nightmare?"

"I-I-"

"Yes?"

"I-I-"

"Spit it out!"

"I-I went to heaven."You are a redneck if: 

you've shaved off your eyebrows and taped them to a little kid's back.You are a redneck if:  

You've ever bought steel-toed boots, only to remove the steel to patch a hole in your trailer.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever had a family feud over a litter of coondogs.You are a redneck if: 

you use a handful of creek mud as birth control.Do you know how old hags tell time?
*
**
***
****
*****
******
*******
********
*******
******
*****
****
***
**
*
**
***
****
*****
******
*******
********
*******
******
*****
****
***
**
*
**
***
****
*****
******
*******
********
*******
******
*****
****
***
**
*
**
***
****
*****
******
*******
********
*******
******
*****
****
***
**
*
A witch-watch!The problem with keeping an open mind is that all my ideas tend to fall out.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever held a lifelong grudge over a spelling bee.(This is from my friend, Mitchell. It was very funny at first when we first heard him say it at lunch, and I figured I would share it.)

Yo Momma's so fat, she ate a grenade and the explosion didn't even make it out!You are a redneck if: 

you've ever gotten a headache reading the newspaper.You are a redneck if: 

you've ever dislodged a sunflower seed from the corner of your eye.One day, a little boy came up to a man at the park.

The boy asked the man, "Why do you have a big nose?"

The man answered, "Because...I have big fingers."Yo momma is so fat ,
She uses a pillow for a tampon.

------------------------------------
Yo momma is so stupid ,
That when her boyfriend said, "Lets do it doggie-style
tonight," she sat down and licked her ass.

-------------------------------------
Yo momma is so dumb ,
That she was arrested for taking a dump at a construction site next to a sign that read, "Dump waste here."
 
-------------------------------------
Yo momma is so fat ,
That when she farted, your dad ran away yelling, "It's a tornado. Hide!"My goal is to find a soulmate.                             


It's not cheating, just multi-tasking.Which sweet is very clever?

A SmartieQ: Why did the hand cross the road?

A: To get to the second-hand shop!Knock-knock!
Who's there?
Toby.
Toby who?
Toby or not toby that is the question!Q) What is:

Black
White
Black
White
Black
White?

A) A nun rolling down a hill.I've been following the ongoing Evolution vs Intelligent Design controversy, and as a card-carrying botanist, I'm a very strong supporter of Darwin. But still, there are things in life that rational science simply cannot explain. 


Like Paris Hilton...Q. How many acountants does it take to change a lightbulb?

A. 1 at a fixed rate of 3.5% income return after purchase for every bulb replaced over a 6 year plan, with projected inflation expected to rise to over $1.25 per bulb in 2006.Yo momma's arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ears.One beautiful morning, a husband and wife decided to go for a drive in the country. Unfortunately, no matter which road they took, they kept seeing dead possums lying on the shoulder.

After several miles of this, the husband turned to his wife and said, "Now I think I know the answer to the age-old question 'Why did the chicken cross the road?'"

"What is it?" she asked.

"Well," he replied, "it was to prove to the possums that it could be done."Knock-Knock.
Who's there?
Accordion. 
Accordion who?
Accordion to the t.v., it's going to be cold out.You should have no doubt in your mind that 
you are in a redneck family.....

When your uncle drunkenly approaches you, slaps you on the back, grabs your face and murmurs "Heaeh kiiiiiiid, I think it's a good thing I used a condum.

And walks off slowy, mumbling. "Cause your mamoo gets realy piiist when she's pregnant........"

And in disbelief, you look around to find your mom.Yo mama is so ugly, that they pushed her face into cookie dough to make gorilla cookies.When everything's coming up roses, it's time to celebrate.  But, when everything's coming up daisies, it's time to mourn.Little Johnny's father says to him, "When you go back to your Mom's tonight, give her this envelope. Tell her that since you are now 18 this is the LAST check she'll ever see from me for child support. Then, stand back and watch the expression her face."

"OK," replied Little Johnny.

Later when Little Johnny got home he said to his mom, "Mom, Dad asked me to give you this envelope. He said to tell you that since I'm now 18 this is the LAST child support payment he'll ever have to make to you. Now I'm supposed to stand back and watch the expression on your face."

"Next time you visit your father tell him that after 18 years I have decided to inform him that he's not your father. Then, stand back and watch the expression on HIS face," replied Little Johnny's mother.Little Johnny was running away from home, crying his eyes out, when he ran across a policeman.

"Where are you going, Little Johnny?" asked the cop.

"I'm running away from home," sobbed Little Johnny.

The cop asked him, "Why would you want to do something like that?"

"My mommy and daddy don't love me any more", he bawled.

"What would make you think that?" queries the cop.

"Well," says Little Johnny, "I asked my Mom for a brand new pair of roller skates, and she said that they couldn't afford it, the mortgage was too high."

"That doesn't mean she doesn't love you," the cop says

"No, no, no", says Little Johnny, "you don't understand. Then I asked my dad for a new bicycle and he said that they couldn't afford it because their mortgage was too high."

"Still," replies the cop, "they might be having financial difficulties right now, but I am sure that they love you."

"NO!" wails Little Johnny, "you really don't understand. I haven't told you the worst part yet. I was outside mommy and daddy's door last night, and I heard daddy scream, I'm pulling out! and then mommy yelled, I'm coming, too! and I'm telling you, right here and right now, they're NOT leaving ME with that fucking mortgage!"Two young met while studying in seminary, Matthew Anderson and Anthony Sicola. They become great friends, but also become very competitive between each other. They both graduate #1 and #2 in their class, with Anthony being #1 and Matthew being #2. They then both go to their new parishes, which instantly become hugely popular. For years the two of them rise through the ranks of the Catholic Church, becoming bishops, arch-bishops, and cardinals around the same time. Always though, Anthony is considered the slightly better of the two. 
Eventually, the reigning Pope passes away, and the College of Cardinals is convened to choose the next Pope. They debate for days until the list is down to just two names, Anthony and Matthew. After another day or two of deliberation, the white smoke is seen, and they make the announcement, Matthew Anderson will be the next Pope. 
Anthony, happy for his friend, is perturbed because he knows in his heart that he is better and would make a better Pope. He pleads for time in front of the College of Cardinals, and is granted an audience. He asks them why they decided on Matthew and not him. For a few quiet, still minutes, not a single person talks. Then an old cardinal in the back speaks up. "Anthony, we know you are the better of the two, but we ultimately had to come to a decision. That decision is that we just could not live with ourselves if we named the next Pope, Pope Sicola."

Hint:
Read "Pope Sicola" quickly if you don't get the punch line.How long does it take a blond to change a lightbulb?
They never change it, by the time they've realized that it's broken, the world would of ended.A middle-aged guy is out to dinner with his wife to celebrate her fortieth birthday. 

He says, "So what would you like, Julie? A Jaguar? A sable coat? A diamond necklace?" 

She says, "Bernie, I want a divorce." 

"My goodness," he says, "I wasn't planning on spending that much."The voluptuous blonde entered the dentist's office in an obvious state of agitation. She sat down in the chair and fidgeted nervously as the dentist prepared his utensils. 

"Oh, doctor," she exclaimed, as he prepared to look into her mouth. "I'm so afraid of dentists. Why, I think I'd rather have a baby than have a tooth drilled." 

"Well, miss," said the dentist impatiently, "better make up your mind before I adjust the chair."The blonde teenage girl had long been infatuated with a popular local disc jockey and finally got to meet him when the station held an open house. 

When she seductively suggested they get better acquainted, he took her into a vacant studio and unzipped his pants. 

"I suppose you know what this is?" he whispered. 

"I sure do," she said, grasping it in her hand and putting it near her mouth, "I'd like to say hello to Ricky, Bobby, Tina and the whole gang down at Danny's Pizzeria."I always follow my first instinct,

That is unless I second guess myself.
---------------------------------------------
Why don't you have a drink,

your only driving to a funeral right?
---------------------------------------------
Why buy a watch from the competitor,

I thought time was against us?
----------------------------------------------
You must be smart,

because you just confused us all.
----------------------------------------------Job Interview Quotations: 

Vice Presidents and personnel directors of the one hundred largest corporations were asked to describe their most unusual experience interviewing prospective employees.

A job applicant challenged the interviewer to an arm wrestle. 

An interviewee wore a Walkman, explaining that she could listen to the interviewer and the music at the same time. 

A candidate fell and broke arm during interview. 

A candidate announced she hadn't had lunch and proceeded to eat a hamburger and french fries in the interviewers office. 

A candidate explained that one of her long-term goals was to replace the interviewer. 

A candidate said he never finished high school because he was kidnapped and kept in a closet in Mexico. 

A balding candidate excused himself and returned to the office a few minutes later wearing a headpiece. 

An applicant said if he was hired he would demonstrate his loyalty by having the corporate logo tattooed on his forearm. 

An applicant interrupted interview to phone her therapist for advice on how to answer specific interview questions. 

A candidate brought large dog to interview. 

An applicant refused to sit down and insisted on being interviewed standing up. 

A candidate dozed off during interview. 

The employers were also asked to list the "most unusual" questions that have been asked by job candidates. 

"What is it that you people do at this company?" 

"What is the company motto?" 

"Why aren't you in a more interesting business?" 

"What are the zodiac signs of all the board members?" 

"Why do you want references?" 

"Do I have to dress for the next interview?" 

"I know this is off the subject, but will you marry me?" 

"Will the company move my rock collection from California to Maryland?" 

"Will the company pay to relocate my horse?" 

"Does your health insurance cover pets?" 

"Would it be a problem if I'm angry most of the time?" 

"Does your company have a policy regarding concealed weapons?" 

"Do you think the company would be willing to lower my pay?" 

"Why am I here?" 

Also included are a number of unusual statements made by candidates during the interview process. 

I have no difficulty in starting or holding my bowel movement. 

At times I have the strong urge to do something harmful or shocking. 

I feel uneasy indoors. 

Sometimes I feel like smashing things. 

Women should not be allowed to drink in cocktail bars. 

I think that Lincoln was greater than Washington. 

I get excited very easily. 

I am fascinated by fire. 

I like tall women. 

People are always watching me. 

If I get too much change in a store, I always give it back. 

I must admit that I am a pretty fair talker. 

I never get hungry. 

I know who is responsible for most of my troubles 

If the pay was right, I'd travel with the carnival. 

I would have been more successful if nobody would have snitched on me. 

I think I'm going to throw up.Knock,knock....

Who's there?

Fortification.

Fortification who?

Fortification, we're going to Miami.
---------------------------------------------
Knock,knock....

Who's there?

Carl.

Carl who?

Carl get you there faster than a bike.
-----------------------------------------------While on a game show, Justins had to identify a number of sounds. When she heard this: *laughter then plop, plop, plop* she identified it correctly right away. What did she say?

An audience laughing it's head offWhy don't vegetarian women scream during orgasms?
They refuse to admit that a piece of meat gives them pleasure!1) A clear concience is a sign of a bad memory.

2) For every action,there is an equal and opposite     
    critisism.

3) He who hesitates is probably right.

4) Eagles may soar,but weasels don't get sucked
    into jet engines.

5) I went to find some camouflage clothing,but
    I couldn't find it.

6) My wife went to a self help group for compulsive
    talkers,it's called On & On Anon.

7) I'm reading a terrific book about anti-gravity,
    I just can't put it down.

8) I allways wanted to be somebody,I guess I should
    have been more specific...

9) If you are what you eat,I'm dead meat.

10) Middle age is having two temptations and
      choosing the one that will get you home earlier.

11) Seen it all,done it all,just can't remember most 
      of it.

12) Its a cruel choice,work or daytime tellevision.

13) I intend to live forever -------- so far,so good.

14) I have seen the truth and it makes no sence.

15) The best part about computers is that they make
      very fast mistakes.
------------------------------------------------------------If a man is in a forest, talking to himself, with no women around, is he still wrong?

If a woman is in a forest, talking to herself, with no
man around, is she still complaining?
--------------------------------------------------------
Did you know that the shortest sentence in the
English language is "I am"?

Did you know that the longest sentence is
"I do"?
--------------------------------------------------------
Sex is hereditary. If your parents didn't have it,
chances are that you won't either.An old Italian Mafia Don is dying, so he calls his grandson to his bed.

"Grandson, I wanna you lissin to me. I wanna you for you to take my chrome plated 38 revolver so you will always remember me."

"But grandpa, I really don't like guns, ... how about leaving me your Rolex watch instead."

"You lissin to me. Somma day you gonna be runna da bussiness, you gonna have a beautiful wife, lotsa money, a big home and maybe a couple of bambina. Am I right?"

"Yes grandpa, I guess so."

"Ok, so soma day you gonna come home and maybe finda you wife in bed with anotha man. Whada you gonna do? Pointa to da watch and say, ... TIMES UP!?"You might just be a redneck if your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade.What does a blonde and a screendoor have in common?


The harder you bang them the looser they get.


Why did the blonde climb the glass wall?


To see what was on the other side.


What is the first thing a blonde does in the morning?

Get dressed and go homeWhy did the blond have blisters on her lips?
From trying to blow out lightbulbs!How do you keep a blond busy?
Write "please turn over" on both sides of a paper!One blond to another: "The electicity break down was terrible. I was stuck in the lift for 2 hours."
The other blond: "That's nothing, I stood on the elevator for 6 hours!!!Wat is die toppunt van geraas?

2 geraamtes wat woellig spyker op n sinkdak met n coke blikkie as n kondoom!Pappa : jy moet nou soet wees, ek gan jou tottie afkap.
Seuntjie : kan ma afkap, want sussie sin is klaar af en omgedop en dit lyk BEFOK!!Prostitute shouting accross the street -
"Hey, black boy! You want a blow job?"

He shouts back "Fuck off! I don't want ANY job!"If a kid asks where rain comes from, I tell him, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, I tell him, "Probably because of something you did."Yo momma so old, she still owes Moses a dollar.You are a redneck if: 

You've ever carved a gunstock out of a bedpost.The following were some comments made in the year 1957: 

(1) "I'll tell you one thing, if things keep going the way they are, it's going to be impossible to buy a week's groceries for $20.00." 

(2) "Have you seen the new cars coming out next year? It won't be long when $5,000 will only buy a used one." 

(3) "If cigarettes keep going up in price, I'm going to quit. A quarter a pack is ridiculous." 

(4) "Did you hear the post office is thinking about charging a dime just to mail a letter?" 

(5) "If they raise the minimum wage to $1, nobody will be able to hire outside help at the store." 

(6) "When I first started driving, who would have thought gas would someday cost 29 cents a gallon. Guess we'd be better off leaving the car in the garage." 

(7) "Kids today are impossible. Those ducktail hair cuts make it impossible to stay groomed. Next thing you know, boys will be wearing their hair as long as the girls'." 

(8) "I'm afraid to send my kids to the movies any more. Ever since they let Clark Gable get by with saying 'damn' in 'Gone With The Wind', it seems every new movie has either 'hell' or 'damn' in it." 

(9) "I read the other day where some scientist thinks it's possible to put a man on the moon by the end of the century. They even have some fellows they call astronauts preparing for it down in Texas." 

(10) "Did you see where some baseball player just signed a contract for $75,000 a year just to play ball? It wouldn't surprise me if someday that they will be making more than the President." 

(11) "I never thought I'd see the day all our kitchen appliances would be electric. They are even making electric typewriters now." 

(12) "It's too bad things are so tough nowadays. I see where a few married women are having to work to make ends meet." 

(13) "It won't be long before young couples are going to have to hire someone to watch their kids so they can both work." 

(14) "No one can afford to be sick any more, $35.00 a day in the hospital is too rich for my blood." 

(15) "I'm just afraid the Volkswagen car is going to open the door to a whole lot of foreign business." 

(16) "Thank goodness I won't live to see the day when the Government takes half our income in taxes. I sometimes wonder if we are electing the best people to Congress." 

(17) "The drive-in restaurant is convenient in nice weather, but I seriously doubt they will ever catch on." 

(18) "I guess taking a vacation is out of the question now days. It costs nearly $15.00 a night to stay in a hotel."A college student at a recent college football game challenged a senior citizen sitting next to him, saying it was impossible for their generation to understand this: 

"You grew up in a different world," the student said, loud enough for the whole crowd to hear. "Today we have television, jet planes, space travel, man has walked on the Moon, our spaceships have visited Mars, we even have nuclear energy, electric and hydrogen cars, computers with light-speed processing ... and uh ....." 

Taking advantage of a pause in the student's litany, the senior citizen said, "You're right. We didn't have those things when we were young; so we invented them, you little twit! What are *you* doing for the next generation???"The Fart Dictionary

 
The Alarm Fart - This is a good fart for the beginner. It is easy to identify. It starts with a loud unnaturally high note, wavers like a siren, and ends with a quick downward note that stops before you expect it to. It sounds like something is wrong. If it happens to you, you will know right off why it is called the Alarm Fart. You will be alarmed. The alarm fart however is rare.

The Amplified Fart - This is any fart that gets its power more from being amplified than from the fart itself. A metal porch swing will amplify a fart every time. So will a plywood table,and empty fifty gallon drum, a tin roof, or some empty cardboard boxes if they are strong through being amplified in this way can be called an Amplified Fart. These are common farts under the right conditions 

The Anticipated Fart - This one warns that it is back there waiting for some time before it arrives. A person who is uneasy for a time in a crowd and who later farts at a time when they think no one will notice has farted an Anticipated Fart. 

The Back Seat Fart - This is a fart that occurs only in automobiles. It is identified chiefly by odor. The Back Seat Fart can usually be concealed by traffic noise as it is an eased-out fart and not very loud. But its foul odor will give it away, due to the way air moves around in a car. It is often followed by someone saying, "Who farted in the back seat?" 

The Barn Owl Fart - A familiarity with owl calls is helpful in identifying this fart. Almost any morning if you get up just before daybreak you can hear one of these birds talking to himself. It's a sort of a crazy laugh, particularly the way it ends. If you hear a fart that has about eight notes in it, ending on a couple of down notes, and it sounds maniacal, you have heard the rare Barn Owl Fart. 

The Bathtub Fart - People who would never in their life know one fart from another, who would like to act like fart don't exist, will have to admit that a Bathtub Fart is something special. It is the only fart you can see! What you see is the bubbles. The Bathtub Fart can be either single or multiple noted and fair or foul as to odor. It makes no difference. The farter's location is what does it. Maybe there is a kind of muffled pong and one big bubble. Or there may be a ping ping ping and a bunch of bubbles. The sound I should point out depends somewhat on the depth of the water, and even more on the tub. If it is one of those big old heavy tubs with the funny legs you can get terrific sound effects. While one of the new thin ones half buried in the floor can be disappointing.

The Biggest Fart in the World Fart - Like the great bald eagle, this fart is pretty well described just by its name. This can either be a group one or a group two fart and can occur just about anywhere. I heard it one time, a group two identification, in a crowded high school auditorium one night, right in that silence that happens when a room full of people has stopped singing the Star Spangled Banner and sat down. It came from the back. There was not a soul in that room that missed it. A fart like that can be impressive. The most diagnostic characteristic of the Biggest Fart In The World is it size.Fart freaks who go around showing off, farting like popcorn machines, and making faces before they fart or asking you to pull their finger and then they fart, never have what it takes for this one, which is rare even among your most serious farter's.


The Bullet Fart - Its single and most pronounced diagnostic characteristic is its sound. It sounds like a rifle shot. The farter can be said to have snapped it off. It can startle spectators and farter alike. Fairly common following the eating of the more common fart foods, such as beans. 

The Burning Brakes Fart - A silent fart identified by odor alone. Usually and adult fart, occurring while the adult is driving a car or has a front seat passenger who farts. The Burning Brakes Fart actually does smell a little like burning brakes, and seems to hang around longer than most farts Which gives whoever farted a chance to make a big show of checking to see if the emergency brake has been left on. When he finds it hasn't you know who farted. A common automobile fart.

The Car Door Fart - Either a group one or a group two fart. Very tricky. It is meant to be a concealed fart. A matter of close timing is involved, the farter trying to fart at the exact moment he slams the car door shut. It is usually a good loud fart. It is one of the funnier farts when it doesn't work, which is almost every time. It is a desperation fart and not too common.

The Celestial Fart - Not to be confused with the Did An Angel Speak Fart, which is simply any loud fart in church. The Celestial Fart is soft and delicate, surprising in a boy or an adult. It is probably the most shy of all farts and might be compared with the wood thrush, a very shy bird. It does not have the sly or cunning sound of the Whisper Fart. It is just a very small clear fart with no odor at all. Very rare.

The Chinese Firecracker Fart - This is an exceptional multiple noted fart identified by the number, and variety of its noises, mostly pops and bangs. Often when you think it is all over, it still has a few pops and bangs to go. In friendly company this one can get applause. Uncommon. 


The Command Fart - This fart differs from the Anticipated Fart in that it can be held for long periods of time waiting for the right moment. Unlike the Anticipated Fart, it is intended to be noticed. Harold Tabor recently held a Command Fart for the whole period in history class and let it go right at the end when the teacher asked if there were any questions. 

The Common Fart - This fart needs little description. It is to the world of farts what the house sparrow is to the world of birds. I can see no point in describing this far any further. 

The Crowd Fart - The Crowd Fart is distinguished by its very potent odor, strong enough to make quite a few people look around. The trick here is not to identify the fart but the farter. This is almost impossible unless the farter panics, and starts a fit of coughing or starts staring at the ceiling or the sky as though something up there fascinates him. In which case he is the one. Very common. 

The Cushioned Fart - A concealed fart, sometimes successful. The farter is usually on the fat side, sometimes a girl. They will squirm and push their butt way down into the cushions of a sofa or over-stuffed chair and ease-out a fart very carefully without moving then or for some time after. Some odor may escape, but usually not much. Common with some people. 

The Did An Angel Speak Fart - This is any loud fart in church. This fart was first called to my attention by my father. He probably read about it somewhere. For fart watchers who go to church, this is a good one to watch for as this is the only place it can be found.

The Dud Fart - The Dud Fart is not really a fart at all. It's a fart that fails. For this reason it is strictly a group one identification fart, because there is no real way you can identify a fart that somebody else expected to fart but didn't. It is the most private of all farts. In most cases the farter usually feels a little disappointed. 

The Echo Fart - This is a fart that can be wrongly identified. It is not some great loud fart in an empty gym or on the rim of the Grand Canyon. The true Echo Fart is a fart that makes its own echo. It is a two-toned fart, the first tone loud, then a pause, and then the second tone. Like an echo. 

The G and L Fart - This is one of the most ordinary and pedestrian of farts, known to everyone. Certainly it is the least gross. If you have not already guessed, G and L stands for Gambled and Lost. One of the most embarrassing of all farts, even when you are alone. 

The Ghost Fart - A doubtful fart in most cases, as it is supposed to be identified by odor alone and to occur, for instance, in an empty house. You enter and smell a fart, yet no one is there. People will insist that only a fart could have that odor, but some believe it is just something that happens to smell like a fart. 

The Hic-Hachoo-Fart Fart - This is strictly an old lady's fart. What happens is that the person manages to hiccough, sneeze, and fart all at the same time. After an old lady farts a Hic-Hachoo-Fart Fart she will usually pat her chest and say, "My, oh my," or "Well, well." There is no reason she should not be proud, as this is probably as neat an old person's fart as there is. 

The Jerk Fart - The Jerk Fart is a fart by a jerk who smirks, smiles, grins, and points to himself in case you missed it. It is usually a single-noted, off-key, fading away, sort of whistle fart, altogether pitiful, but the jerk will act as if he has just farted the Biggest Fart in the World Fart. 

The John Fart - The John Fart is simply any ordinary fart farted on the john. It is naturally a group one identification, with the sound, whatever it was, somewhat muffled. If it is all the person's trip to the john amounted to he will be disappointed for sure. Common as pigeons. 

The Lead Fart - The heaviest of all farts. It sounds like a dropped ripe watermelon. Or a falling body in some cases. It is the only fart that goes thud. Except for the odor, which is also very heavy, it could be missed altogether as a fart. What was that, you might think? And never guess. 

The Malted Milk Ball Fart - Odor alone is diagnostic and positively identifies this fart. It smells exactly like malted milk balls. No other food works this way. It is rare. 

The Oh My God Fart - This is the most awful and dreadful stinking of all farts - a fart that smells like a month-old rotten egg - as the Oh My God Fart. If you should ever encounter it, however, you may first want to say, oh sh*t, which would be understandable. 

The Omen Fart - This is the adult version of the Poo-Poo Fart. About the only difference is that the farter will not say anything. He will just look kind of funny and head for the john. This one is easy to spot if you pay attention. 

The Organic Fart - Sometimes called the Health Food Nut Fart. The person who farts an Organic Fart may be talking about the healthy food he eats even when he farts. If he is heavily into health foods he may even ask if you noticed how good and pure and healthy his fart smells. It may smell to you like any other fart, but there is no harm in agreeing with him. He is doing what he thinks is best. 

The Quiver Fart - A group one identification fart only. When you fart, it quivers. If it tickles, then it is the Tickle Fart. If you have to scratch it, then it is the Scratchass Fart. 

The Rambling Phaduka Fart - You must not be fooled by its pretty-sounding name, as this is one of the most frightening of all farts. It is frightening to farter and spectator alike. It has a sound of pain to it. What is most diagnostic about it, however, is its length. It is the longest-lasting fart there is. It will sometimes leave the farter unable to speak. As though he has had the wind knocked out of him. A strong, loud, wavering fart, it goes on for at least fifteen seconds. 

The Relief Fart - Sound or odor don't matter on this one. What matters is the tremendous sense of relief that you have finally farted. Some people will even say, "Wow, what a relief." Very common. 

The Reluctant Fart - This is probably one of the oldest farts known to man. The Reluctant Fart is a fart that seems to have a mind of its own. It gives the impression that it likes staying where it is. It will come when it is ready, not before. This can take half-a-day in some instances. 

The Rusty Gate Fart - The sound of this fart seems almost impossible for a fart. Is is the most dry and squeaky sound a fart can make. The Rusty Gate Fart sounds as if it would have worked a lot easier if it had been oiled. It sounds like a fart that hurts. 

The S.B.D. Fart - S.B.D. stands for Silent But Deadly. This is no doubt one of the most common farts that exists. No problem of identification with this one. 

The Sandpaper Fart - This one scratches. Otherwise it may not amount to much. You should remember that if you reach back and scratch, it automatically becomes a Scratchass Fart. Common. 

The Skillsaw Fart - A truly awesome fart. It vibrates the farter. Really shakes him up. People back away. It sounds like an electric skillsaw ripping through a piece of half-inch plywood. Very impressive. Not too common. 

The Sonic Boom Fart - The people who believe in this fart claim it is even bigger than the Biggest Fart In The World Fart. The Sonic Boom Fart is supposed to shake the house and rattle the windows. This is ridiculous. No fart in the world shakes houses and rattles windows. A fart that could do that would put the farter into orbit or blow his crazy head off. 

The Splatter Fart - Unfortunately the Splatter Fart exists. It is the wettest of all farts. It probably should not be called a fart at all. 

The Stutter Fart - If you think stuttering is funny, this is a very funny fart. It is a fart that can't seem to get going. The sound is best described as pt,pt,pt-pt,pt-pt-pt,pop,pop-pop-pop-POW! It is usually a forced-out fart that gets caught crossways, as they say, and only gets farted after considerable effort. 

The Taco Bell Fart - The Taco Bell Fart is far richer and full-bodied than your ordinary Junk Fart and takes longer to build up. Sometimes hours or even a day. But it will get there. And it will hang around after, too. Even on a windy day. 

The Teflon Fart - Slips out without a sound and no strain at all. A very good fart in situations where you would rather not fart at all. You can be talking to someone and not miss saying a word. If the wind is right he will never know. 

The Thank God I'm Alone Fart - Everyone knows this rotten fart. You look around after you have farted and say, "Thank God I'm alone." Then you get out of there fast! 

The Tickle Fart - A group one only and one of the easiest to identify. Usually a slow soft sort of fart. If you like being tickled this is the fart for you!Verbs

Anal Salute
backfire 
bake breeze biscuits 
bake brownies 
bark 
bend a valve 
Beep your horn
Blast the chair
blow dirt
blow dust 
blow a fart 
blow a gasket
blow kisses 
blow mud 
blow smoke 
Blow the big brown horn
blow the sparkplugs 
blurt 
boff 
Bottom blast
Bottom burp 
boom-boom 
break the seam
break wind 
buang angin 
bust ass 
Buttock bassoon 
Butt burp 
Butt tuba 
butt yodeling
chemold
clear one's throat 
cleft a boofer 
colon bowlin' 
cook eggs 
couper le fromage 
crack ass
crepitate 
crop dusting 
cut a gasser 
cut a melon 
cut chedder 
cut muffins 
cut one 
cut the cheese 
cut the provolone 
Cut a stinker
Cut the wind
deal one 
degas 
dot'dot 
draw mud from the bottom of the pond 
drop ass 
Drop a bomb 
drop a cookie 
drop a fart 
drop a ringo
drop a rose 
drop one
drop one's guts 
effluviate 
emit a fart 
erupt one 
fardullah 
fart 
fart like a popcorn machine 
fessa 
flatulate 
Flatulence
float an air biscuit 
frump 
Funky rollers
furzen
fuss 
Gaseous intestinal by-products
get expelled from stool 
grunt 
guff 
heiny burp 
he o koita 
here comes Freddie 
Honk
HUMrrhoids 
Jag fis 
kentut 
kill the canary 
launch a wifter 
lay a fart 
lay a jellybean
Let a Beefer
Let each little bean be heard
let a windy 
let fly a fart 
let Freddie out of jail
let one 
make a stink 
make cheese 
make methane 
make some underleg noise 
Mating call of the barking spider
Mexican jet propulsion 
ot'ot 
pass gas 
Pass wind
peidar 
peter 
piffle 
pollute the atmosphere 
poopski 
poot 
pop corn
pop off 
pritz 
puf 
Puff, the Magic Dragon! 
pukat 
queimar a bota 
Rebuild the ozone layer one poof at a time
Rectal honk
Rectal shout 
refine shit particles 
release intestinal gases 
Release a tree monkey from captivity 
ringo 
rip one 
rip the canvas
Ripple Fart
roar from the rear 
shit the bed
shoot bunnies 
Shoot the cannon
sink my battleship 
sneeze in one's pants 
spider's barking 
spill one's guts
split the seam 
start a Harley
start the engine 
step on a duck
step on a frog 
step on a fart snake 
stink out loud 
stomp on the barking spider 
strike mud
strip a gear 
supply it 
taint ripper 
toot 
Toot your own horn 
To speak German 
Trouser cough
Trouser trumpet
vent 
winden latenKnock-knock.
Who's there?
Dishes.
Dishes who?
Dishes me, who's you?
(This is me, who's you.)It is illegal to stick coins in your ears in the state of Hawaii.Why were the police at the baseball game? 

Because someone stole second base!Yo momma is so fat and dumb, she used Antarctica as a popsicle!yo mommo so stupid when she was drowning, she ate a Lifesaver. 

Lifesaver is a candy.If the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?Darwin's Answer:
It was the logical next step after coming down from the trees.

Another of Darwin's Answers:
Chickens, over great periods of time, have been naturally selected
in such a way that they are now genetically disposed to cross roads.

Johnny Cochran 's Answer:
Because the road was black and the chicken was white. We must acquit.

Snoop Dogg 's Answer:
This (censored) fool of a chicken didn't (censored) know
what the (censored) he was doin crossin a (censored) alley in (censored) Harlem at 1:00 in the (censored) mornin'.

Bill Cosby 's Answer:
Weeelll, ya see, the chicken crossed the road, and to get... to...the jello pudding pops.

Homer Simpson 's Answer:
There was free beer on the other side of the road.

George Bush's Answer:
We don't really care why the chicken crossed the road. We just want to know if the chicken is on our side of the road or not. The chicken is either with us or it is against us. There is no middle ground here. 

Neil Armstrong's Answer:
To go where no chicken has gone before.

Another Answer:
That's one small step for Chicken, one giant leap for Chicken kind.100,000 Sperm And You Were The Fastest?Always keep your words soft and sweet,
just in case you have to eat them.Famous last words:

"Ok, I'm only going to have one..."

-- Said the polygamist right after marrying his first wife.Yo momma is so fat, whenever she turns around--there goes another city.

Yo momma is so fat, whenever she sits down she lowers all the prices at wal-mart.

Yo momma is so fat, whenever she turns around it's your birthday.

Yo momma is so fat, NASA engineers mistook her for a new planet.

Yo momma is so fat, it takes 1000 years to design clothes for her

Yo momma is so fat, whenever she gets weighed she breaks the scale.

You're so fat, I wonder if it's because of yo momma.You might be a redneck if your dad bought you a gallon of Pepto-Bismol for Christmas.Yo momma is so stupid, I told her Christmas was right around the corner - so she went looking for it.Yo momma is like a bus; she's big, doesn't smell very good, and it's only a dollar a ride.Yo momma is so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a species will be extinct.Yo Mama is so stupid, she bought a video tape on how to fix your VCR!Yo mama so poor, she has to chase down the garbage truck with a shopping list!yo momma is so old --- she knew Burger King when he was a prince!


yo momma is so poor --- I saw her banging on the dumpster and I asked her what she was doing and she said "My kids locked me out!"Best Friend to Former Fat Guy: Hey man, you're looking good. Looks like you lost lots of pounds. Any secrets?

Former Fat Guy: Eating dates.

Best Friend: Oh yeah? I've read that compared to other foods, dates have the highest anti-oxidant values. How much and how many times a week do you eat dates?

Former Fat Guy: Oh just one date every week-end. I eat first before I fuck.What do you call when god takes a crap?

Holy shit!A missionary gets sent into deepest darkest Africa and spends years with the people, teaching them to read, write and good Christian ways. One thing he particularly stresses is the evils of sexual sin. Thou must not commit adultery or fornication!!

One day the wife of one of the Tribe's noblemen gives birth to a white child. The village is shocked and the chief says "You taught us of the evils of sexual sin, yet here a black woman gives birth to a white child. You are the only white man who has ever set foot in our village. It doesn't take a genius to work out what has been going on!"

The missionary replies says, "No, no, my good man. You are mistaken. What you have here is a natural occurrence - an albino. Look to the field. See a flock of white sheep, and yet amongst them is one black one. Nature does this on occasion."

The chief pauses for a moment then says, "Tell you what, you don't say anything about the sheep, I won't say anything about the white kid."A young man from Peking and a first generation Chinese American woman get married. On the wedding night he climbs into bed next to her and tries to be reassuring, saying, "My darling, I know this is your first time and you must be frightened." 

She says that is true but she will do anything he wants. 

The groom says "Let's start with 69." 

And she says, "You want broccoli with beef?"Two cows were in a field grazing.
First cow says, "MOO."
Second cow says, "You asshole, I was gonna say that."Yankee Doodle went to town
A-riding on his mother

Every time he hit a bump

He had another brother!1. Leave permanent markers by the dry-erase board.
2. Ask whether the first chapter will be on the test. If the professor says no, rip the pages out of your textbook.
3. Hold up a piece of paper that says in large letters "CHECK YOUR FLY". (At Least for the Male profs.)
4. Address the professor as "your excellency".
5. When the professor turns on his laser pointer, scream "AAAGH! MY EYES!"
6. Relive your Junior High days by leaving chalk stuffed in the chalkboard erasers.
7. Sit in the front, sniff suspiciously, and ask the professor if he's been drinking.
8. Correct the professor at least ten times on the pronunciation of your name, even it's Smith. Claim that the i is silent.
9. Sit in the front row reading the professor's graduate thesis and snickering.
10. Feign an unintelligible accent and repeatedly ask, "Vet ozzle haffen dee henvay?" Become agitated when the professor can't understand you.
11. Wink at the professor every few minutes. (Hey you might even get a date if he/she is cute.)
12. Every few minutes, take a sheet of notebook paper, write "Signup Sheet #5" at the top, and start passing it around the room.
13. Repeat number 12, except for write the names of random students in the class at the top first.  It will confuse them when they see it.
14. Start a "wave" in a large lecture hall.A man and his girlfriend are having a sexual encounter. He asks her to "go downtown" so, with a sigh, she gets on her knees in front of him and starts peering at his genitals, looking and tipping her head this way and that, studying the whole business. 
After about five minutes of this, he asked her in a sort of peeved voice, "Well, just what are you doing?" She replies, "I'm doing what I always do when I'm downtown with no money!!"What do you call 2 nuns and 3 prostitutes on a football field?

2 Tight Ends and 3 Wide ReceiversKnock, Knock
       Who's there?
Ya
        Ya - who?
I didn't know you could yodel! Yahoooo!You're so ugly that when you entered an ugly contest, out of 10,000 people, you won first place!You're like a Wendy's. The drive through is open till 1am or later.A good friend will say: "I love you!" (In a sarcastic tone)

A best friend will say: "I love you, you f***in' b****!"What did the little black boy get for his birthday? Your bike.Why does it take 3 women with PMS to change a lightbulb?


BECAUSE IT JUST DOES, OK!!!!TOP GEORGE BUSH SLOGANS

1. I'll turn capital punishment into a new game show!
2. I promise to get cocaine off our streets: 1 kilo at a time.
3. I'll finish what Bill started -- the interns.
4. Like father, like son. You liked my dad, right?
5. Vote for the GOP, Not OPP.
6. I promise no sex scandal: just look at me.
7. New penal plan: I won't use mine!
8. Read my lips: Al Gore Sucks.
9. George W. Bush: No hang-ups. Just hangovers
10. Vote for Bush and against Common SenseUNIX Airways
Everyone brings one piece of the plane along when they come to the airport. They all go out on the runway and put the plane together piece by piece, arguing non-stop about what kind of plane they are supposed to be building.
Air DOS
Everybody pushes the airplane until it glides, then they jump on and let the plane coast until it hits the ground again. Then they push again, jump on again, and so on...
Mac Airlines
All the stewards, captains, baggage handlers, and ticket agents look and act exactly the same. Every time you ask questions about details, you are gently but firmly told that you don't need to know, don't want to know, and everything will be done for you without your ever having to know, so just shut up.
Windows Air
The terminal is pretty and colourful, with friendly stewards, easy baggage check and boarding, and a smooth take-off. After about 10 minutes in the air, the plane explodes with no warning whatsoever.
Windows NT Air
Just like Windows Air, but costs more, uses much bigger planes, and takes out all the other aircraft within a 40-mile radius when it explodes.
Windows XP Air
You turn up at the airport,which is under contract to only allow XP Air planes. All the aircraft are identical, brightly coloured and three times as big as they need to be. The signs are huge and all point the same way. Whichever way you go, someone pops up dressed in a cloak and pointed hat insisting you follow him. Your luggage and clothes are taken off you and replaced with an XP Air suit and suitcase identical to everyone around you as this is included in the exorbitant ticket cost. The aircraft will not take off until you have signed a contract. The inflight entertainment promised turns out to be the same Mickey Mouse cartoon repeated over and over again. You have to phone your travel agent before you can have a meal or drink. You are searched regularly throughout the flight. If you go to the toilet twice or more you get charged for a new ticket. No matter what destination you booked you will always end up crash landing at Whistler in Canada.
Linux Air
Disgruntled employees of all the other OS airlines decide to start their own airline. They build the planes, ticket counters, and pave the runways themselves. They charge a small fee to cover the cost of printing the ticket, but you can also download and print the ticket yourself.
When you board the plane, you are given a seat, four bolts, a wrench and a copy of the seat-HOWTO.html. Once settled, the fully adjustable seat is very comfortable, the plane leaves and arrives on time without a single problem, the in-flight meal is wonderful. You try to tell customers of the other airlines about the great trip, but all they can say is, "You had to do what with the seat?"Yo momma's so fat she stood on a talking scale and it said, "1,2,3 GET THE HELL OFF OF ME!!!!!!!"Knock-Knock
Who's there?
Me
Me who?
Who the hell is me-who???What is the most racist animal in the world?
A parrot bacause Polly wants a cracker not a nigger.Q: What do you call 50 black guys in a hole?

A: Afro-TurfFROM A FARM KID AT SAN DIEGO MARINE CORPS RECRUIT DEPOT.

Dear Ma and Pa:
I am well. Hope you are. Tell Brother Walt and Brother Elmer the Marine Corps beats working for old man Minch by a mile.
Tell them to join up quick before maybe all of the places are filled.

I was restless at first because you got to stay in bed till nearly 6 a.m., but am getting so I like to sleep late.

Tell Walt and Elmer all you do before breakfast is smooth your cot and shine some things. No hogs to slop, feed to pitch, mash to mix, wood to split, fire to lay. Men got to shave but it is not so bad, there's warm water.

Breakfast is strong on trimmings like fruit juice, cereal, eggs, bacon, etc, but kind of weak on chops, potatoes, ham, steak, fried eggplant, pie and other regular food, but tell Walt and Elmer you can always sit by the two city boys that live on coffee. Their food plus yours holds you till noon when you get fed again.

It's no wonder these city boys can't walk much. We go on "route marches", which the platoon sergeant says are long walks to harden us. If he thinks so, it's not my place to tell him different. A "route march" is about as far as to our mailbox at home.
Then the city guys get sore feet and we all ride back in trucks. The country is nice but awful flat.

The sergeant is like a school teacher. He nags a lot.
The Capt. is like the school board. Majors and colonels just ride around and frown. They don't bother you none.

This next will kill Walt and Elmer with laughing. I keep getting medals for shooting. I don't know why. The bulls-eye is near as big as a chipmunk head and don't move, and it ain't shooting at you like the Higgett boys at home. All you got to do is lie there all comfortable and hit it You don't even load your own cartridges. They come in boxes.

Then we have what they call hand-to hand combat training.
You get to wrestle with them city boys. I have to be real careful though, they break real easy. It ain't like fighting with that ole bull at home. I'm about the best they got in this except for that Tug Jordan from over in Silver Lake. I only beat him once. He joined up the same time as me, but I'm only 5'6" and 130 pounds, and he's 6'8" and weighs near 300 pounds dry.

Be sure to tell Walt and Elmer to hurry and join before other fellers get onto this setup and come stampeding in.

Your loving daughter,
Gail.One day a little boy came over to his friends house and said, "Ah shit! I got gunk on my shoe!"  As he was saying it, the friend's dad came over to the little boy and said, "How dare you say that in front of my child!" The dad sent the little boy home and called his father, telling him to come over to his house and talk to him.
The father came over and said, "So what if my boy said that? it's not like your kids haven't overheard you say a curse word!"
"Actually they haven't!" claimed the disgruntled father.
As they argue, the disgruntled father's baby in the backround blurts out, "Fuck you!"You're so ugly, you scare blind children.You're so ugly when you were born your parents named you "Shit Happens"You're so ugly instead of taking you to the doctor your mom  took you to the vet.CLERK: Please repeat after me; "I swear by Almighty God," 
WITNESS: "I swear by Almighty God." 
CLERK: "That the evidence that I give," 
WITNESS: That's right. 
CLERK: Repeat it. 
WITNESS: "Repeat it." 
CLERK: No! Repeat what I said. 
WITNESS: What you said when? 
CLERK: "That the evidence that I give," 
WITNESS: "That the evidence that I give," 
CLERK: "Shall be the truth, and," 
WITNESS: It will, and nothing but the truth! 
CLERK: Please, just repeat after me: "Shall be the truth and..." 
WITNESS: I'm not a scholar, you know. 
CLERK: We can appreciate that. Just repeat after me: "Shall be the truth and..." 
WITNESS: "Shall be the truth and." 
CLERK: Say: "Nothing."
WITNESS: Okay. 
(Witness remains silent.) 
CLERK: No! Don't say nothing. Say: "Nothing but the truth." 
WITNESS: Yes. 
CLERK: Can't you say: "Nothing but the truth..?"
WITNESS: Yes. 
CLERK: Well? Do so. 
WITNESS: You're confusing me. 
CLERK: Just say: "Nothing but the truth...". 
WITNESS: Is that all? 
CLERK: Yes. 
WITNESS: Okay. I understand. 
CLERK: Then say it. 
WITNESS: What? 
CLERK: "Nothing but the truth..." 
WITNESS: But I do! That's just it. 
CLERK: You must say: "Nothing but the truth..." 
WITNESS: I WILL say nothing but the truth! 
CLERK: Please, just repeat these four words: "Nothing", "But", "The", "Truth". 
WITNESS: What? You mean, like, now? "Nothing. But. The. Truth." 
CLERK: Thank you. 
WITNESS: I'm just not a scholar.Prior to her trip to Texas, Buffy (a New Yorker) confided to her sorority sisters she had three goals for her trip to the Lone Star State. She wanted to taste some real Texas Barbeque, take in a bona fide rodeo and have sex with a real cowboy. Upon her return, her sorority sisters were curious as to how she fared.
"Let me tell you, they have a tree down there called a Mesquite and when they slow cook that brisket over that Mesquite, it's oh so good. The taste is unbelievable!"
And, I went to a real rodeo... Talk about athletes! Those guys wrestle full-grown bulls! They ride horses at a full gallop then jump off the horses and grab the bulls by the horns and throw them to the ground! It is just incredible!"
They then asked, "Well tell us, did you have sex with a real cowboy?"
"Are you kidding? Once I saw the outline of the condom they carry in the back pocket of their jeans, I changed my mind!"An elderly couple were celebrating their sixtieth anniversary. The couple had married as childhood sweethearts and had moved back to their old neighborhood after they retired. 

Holding hands, they walked back to their old school. It was not locked,so they entered, and found the old desk they'd shared, where Andy had carved, "I love you, Sally." 

On their way back home, a bag of money fell out of an armored car, practically landing at their feet. Sally quickly picked it up, but not sure what to do with it,they took it home. There, she counted the money. It totaled fifty thousand dollars. 

Andy said, "We've got to give it back." Sally said,  "Finders keepers." She put the money back in the bag and hid it in their attic. 

The next day two FBI men were canvassing the neighborhood looking for the money, and knock on the door. "Pardon me, but did either of you find a bag that fell out of an armored car yesterday?" 

Sally said, "No." 

Andy said, "She's lying. She hid it up in the attic." 

Sally said, "Don't believe him, he's getting senile." 

The agents turn to Andy and began to question him. One says: "Tell us the story from the beginning." 

Andy said, "Well, when Sally and I were walking home from school yesterday..." 

The first FBI guy turns to his partner and says, "We're outta here!"What did Batman say to Robin before getting in the Batmobile?

"Get in the Batmobile, Robin!"Why can't a gypsy man walk right?

Because he has crystal balls!>God made mud,<<<<
>>God made dirt,<<<<
>>>God made guys,<<
>>>>So girls can flirt!<It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.Yo momma so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, the bitch caused an eclipse.Knock-Knock

Who's there

Icee

Icee who

I see you in there now let me in!A boy asked his mother what the word "shit" meant. The mother didn't know what to say, so she said it meant "food". Then he asked what the word "nigger" meant. She still did not know what to say, so she said "priest". The last word he asked about was "fuck". She really did not know what to say so she said "to get dressed".

When the priest came over, the boy said to the priest, "Hey, nigger, the shit is on the table and my mom and dad are fucking in the room".Ronnie never listens in science class because he says it's boring..

One day his teacher asked, "Ronnie, What are the 3 states of matter?"

Since he heard his name he did listen to the question. So he thinks for a second and replies, "Texas, Florida, and Arkansas!"A young man worked at an aquarium feading the animals, cleaning the tanks and the like.  One day his boss came to him and said, "We have a group of second-graders coming for a field trip in about thirty minutes and the dolphins are getting 'playful'.  The only thing that will make the dolphins behave is baby seagull meat.  I want you to take this bag and go down to the beach and get some baby seagulls, but be careful because a lion has escaped from the zoo.  They say it's been shot with a tranq gun so it shouldn't be a problem."

So, the young man took the bag, made his way down to the beach and got the seagulls with no problem.  He decided to take the short cut through the woods on his way back.  Suddenly, as he rounded a bend in the path, he saw the escaped lion laying across the path ahead of him, apparently sleeping.  

The bushes were rather thick at this point, so he had only two choices: go past the lion or back the way he came.  He decided he didn't have enough time to go back.  He got up his nerve and very,very carefully stepped over the lion.  He did so without waking it and was breathing a sigh of relief when a police officer stepped out of the woods and told him he was under arrest.

"But, Officer, what's the charge?" he queried.

"Transporting young gulls across a sedate lion." (Transporting youing girls across state lines)Aoccdrnig to rscheearch codnutced at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy,it deosn't mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are tpyed,the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit oedrer. The rset can be a total mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey ltteer by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. Amzanig huh?Accept that some days you are the pigeon, and some days you are the statue.It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.You so ugly, you make President Bush look hot!Q: What's green, fuzzy, has 4 legs, and if it falls out of a tree, can kill you? 
                        A: A pool table.Women need a reason to have sex, men just need a place!Yo mama so ghetto, her wedding cake was made out of cornbread.1) You're so poor that when somebody rings the doorbell you have to stick your head out the window and yell, "Ding-Dong!"

2) You're so poor that when I asked if I could use the bathroom at your house your mom gave me two sticks, one to hold the ceiling up and one to fight the cockroaches.

3) You're so poor that your house is 5 square yards, one floor and no walls.

4) You're so poor that your house is very dark because you can't afford a light bulb.

5) You're so poor that you live in an out-house.Q: Why did the cookie go to the doctor?
A: Because he felt crumby.How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Zero: For all blondes know, the lightbulb is still burning bright.A man walks into a pharmacy and wanders up and down the aisles.
The sales girl notices him and asks him if she can help him. He answers that he is looking for a box of tampons for his wife. She points him to the correct aisle.
A few minutes later, he deposits a huge bag of cotton balls and a ball of string on the counter. 
She says, confused, "Sir, I thought you were looking for some tampons for your wife?"
He answers, " You see, it's like this. Yesterday, I sent my wife to the store to get me a carton of cigarettes. She came back with a tin of tobacco and some rolling papers saying, 'It's sooo much cheaper!' So, I figure if I have to roll my own. So does she."Q:  What do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection?

A:  A quarter pounder with cheese.At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be "What is Hell?" Come early and listen to our choir practice.

Weight Watchers will meet at 7PM at the First Presbyterian Church. Please use the large double door at the side entrance. 

Mrs. Johnson will be entering the hospital this week for tests.

Please join us as we show our support for Amy and Alan who are preparing for the birth of their first child.

The Lutheran Men's group will meet at 6PM. Steak, mashed potatoes, green beans, bread, and dessert will be served for a nominal feel.Q:        Why did the scientist install a door knocker on his door and not a door bell?
















A:      He wanted to win the No-Bell (Nobel) prize!There's a blonde who goes to a pizza parlor. When she orders, she asks for her pizza to be cut up into 6 slices instead of eight. Why?

A: She's not hungry enough to eat eight.Knock Knock.

Who's there?

Wet.

Wet who?

Wet me in! It's waining!Q: Did you hear the story about the peacock?

A: It's a beautiful tail.Q: Why did George Washington sleep standing up?

A: He couldn't lie.A man is up on stage telling blonde jokes, and the crowd is eating them up. Suddenly a blonde steps up in the back and starts cursing the man because of him telling the derogatory jokes. To stop him, he offers her the deal of her answering 5 multiple-choice questions. If she can answer them correctly, he'll get off the stage and never tell another blonde joke. She agrees and he starts questioning her.
"1) How long was the 100 yr war?
A) 116
B) 99
C) 100
D) 150"

The blonde says "I will skip this"
The man continues, "2) In which country are the Panama hats made?
A) BRASIL
B) CHILE
C) PANAMA
D) EQUADOR"

The blonde asks for help from any university students near her, and then skips the question.
Trying not to laugh, the man continues, "3) In which month do the Russians celebrate the October Revolution?
A) JANUARY
B) SEPTEMBER
C) OCTOBER
D) NOVEMBER"

The blond asks for help from anyone in the crowd, and gives up.
The man snickers a little and asks her, "4) Which of these was King George VI's first name?
A) EDER
B) ALBERT
C) GEORGE
D) MANOEL"

The blond looks around vacantly and gives up.
By now the guy is having a hard time containing his gut-wrenching laughter, but composes himself enough to ask, "5) The Canary islands, in the Pacific Ocean, has its name based on which animal:
A) CANARY BIRD
B) KANGAROO
C) PUPPY
D) RAT"

The blond just gives up and sits down.Upon retirement, Dave had realized that he had poured himself into his work his entire life and never married. After spending a few weeks at home alone he decided that he needed some companionship and headed for the pet store. After looking around the store he thought that he would like to purchase a bird. He began looking at the selection available and noticed that one bird sold for $100 and the bird in the next cage was priced at $10,000. He looked and looked and studied the two birds, but he could not tell the difference, so he called over the store owner and asked him to explain. 

The owner said, "The $10,000 bird is a perfect bird and the $100 bird is just the average everyday bird.".

"But I still don't see the difference," said the old man. 

The owner explained, "The $100 bird has a small hump on his beak and that made him just average." 

"You're telling me that if that $100 dollar bird didn't have that tiny little hump in his beak he would be worth $10,000?!?!?" exclaimed Dave. 

"Well," says the owner, "he might not be worth $10,000 but he would be worth quite a bit more." 

With much delight Dave says "I'll take him! You see, I have been a master machinist my whole life and have worked with tools and my hands since I was a young boy. I think that I can file that hump off the bird's beak and make some extra money." 

"You might be able to do that," says the owner, "but I must warn you that there is a membrane in the bird's beak and if you file too deeply you will kill the bird." 

"No problem," says Dave with great confidence, and leaves the store. 

About a week later Dave was back in the pet store and the owner asks how things went with the bird. "He died," Dave said dejectedly. 

The owner says, "I warned you that you could file to deeply and that would kill the bird." 

"Oh, that's not what happened," replied Dave. 

"Well what happened then?" 

"I accidentally crushed his head in the vice."Two turds were sitting beside each other in a toilet, when one looks to the other and says, "man, you smell like shit".Q: What's the difference between a rabbit and a cow?


A: One's a rabbit and one is a cowQ:  Why DIDN`T the skull cross the road?
A:  Because he didn`t have the guts!Why did the frog cross the road? 

A: He was tied onto the chicken.Here's how a man evolves directly following marriage. 

The Love Word: 

After 6 weeks: I love you, I love you, I love you! 
After 6 months: Of course, I love you. 
After 6 years: GOD, if I didn't love you, then why do you think I proposed? 

Back from Work: 

After 6 weeks: Honey, I'm home 
After 6 months: BACK!! 
After 6 years: What did your mom cook for us today? 

Phone Ringing: 

After 6 weeks: Baby, somebody wants you on the phone
After 6 months: Here, for you
After 6 years: ANSWER THE PHONE! 

Cooking: 

After 6 weeks: I never knew food could taste so good! 
After 6 months: What are we having for dinner tonight? 
After 6 years: AGAIN! 

New Dress: 

After 6 weeks: Wow, you look like an angel in that dress. 
After 6 months: You bought a new dress again? 
After 6 years: How much did THAT cost me? 

TV: 

After 6 weeks: Baby, what would you like us to watch tonight? 
After 6 months: I like this movie 
After 6 years: I'm going to watch ESPN, if you're not in the mood, go to Bed, I can stay up by myselfYo Momma is so ugly, that when she met the ugliest man on Earth, he shrieked in terror and jumped out the window.A man settles into his seat on the plane, when another man sits down and puts his black Labrador Retriever in the seat next to him. The first man looks very quizzically at the dog and asks why he is allowed on the plane. The second man explains that he is a DEA agent and that the dog is a "sniffing dog". "His name is Sniffer, and he's the best there is. I'll show you once we get airborne, when I put him to work."

Once the plane has taken off and levels out, the agent says, "Watch this." He tells Sniffer to "search". Sniffer jumps down, walks along the aisle, and finally sits very purposefully next to a woman for a several seconds. Sniffer then returns to its seat and puts one paw on the agent's arm. The agent says, "Good boy", and turns to the man and says, "That woman is in possession of marijuana, so I'm making a note of her seat number and the authorities will apprehend her when we land."

"Say, that's pretty neat," replies the first man.

Once again, the agent sends Sniffer to search the aisles. The Lab sniffs about, sits down beside a man for a few seconds, returns to its seat, but this time, he places TWO paws on the agent's arm. The agent says, "That man is carrying cocaine, so again, I'm making a note of his seat number for the police."

"I like it!" says his seatmate."

The agent then tells Sniffer to "search" again. Sniffer walks up and down the aisles for a bit, sits down for a moment, and then comes racing back to the agent. He jumps into his seat and proceeds to poop all over the place. The first man is really grossed out by this behavior, and can't figure out why a well-trained dog would act like that, so he asks the agent, "What's going on?" The agent nervously replies, "He just found a bomb!"A couple drove down a country road for several miles, not saying a word.  An earlier discussion had led to an argument and neither of them wanted to concede their position. 

As they passed a barnyard of mules, goats, and pigs, the husband asked sarcastically, "Relatives of yours?"

"Yep," the wife replied, "in-laws."Fish + alien transpotation =

Unidentified Frying ObjectQ:  What goes, "KCAUQ, KCAUQ"?



A:   A duck flying backwards!BOB: Have you changed the water in the fish bowl yet?

MARGE: No, it hasn't drunk the water I gave it a week ago.I believe in evolution and if you don't I will let you meet my relatives....

               Then you'll believe me"I love you" is eight letters, but so is "bull shit."I decided to kill the sexiest person alive, but then I realized suicide is illegal.I often dream of the day when my car will be able to drive me home after a long hard day of work.  That's about the time the driver next to me abruptly blows his horn telling me to wake up and get back into my own lane.Did you hear the one about the blond Think Tank?

Once they got it got started, it drove through three houses and a convienence store before they figured out how to stop it.East to the Sea, West to the Land, Death to the B***h that touches my Man."Mario, I am in so much pain right now I can barely sit. Leave the mushrooms for the adventures and out of the bedroom."

"Fine Princess. Yoshi, let's go."

"No, no...Yoshi can stay."Q-If the big breasted women work at Hooters, where does the one legged woman work?



A-IhopYo momma so old she got an autographed copy of the bible.My T.V. has more channels then your IQ, and I DON'T EVEN HAVE CABLE!Yo momma so fat, when she sat on a rainbow skittles popped out!

Yo momma so fat she tripped broke her leg and gravy poured out!

Yo mommas so stupid when I said it was chilly out she grabbed a spoon and ran out!

Yo momma so fat she IS the family reunion!

Yo momma so skinny she hula hoops with cheerios!

Yo momma so flat she jealous of the wall!

Yo momma so fat when you get on top her your ears pop!

Yo momma so ugly her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to play with her!

Yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry!

Yo momma so ugly rice krispies wont talk to her!

har-de-har har old school jokes for you old school insulters...Some old school insults for yall...

You depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.

So dumb you couldnt hold water in a bucket.

Happiness:  seeing your picture on a milk carton.

Your mouth rarely makes calls to the brain.

Missing a layer of insulation in your attic.

You're so fat, when you turn around people throw you a welcome back party.

You're so fat, you have to put a belt on with a boomerang.

You're so slow, you have to speed up to stop.

You're so fat, when you go to the zoo elephants throw peanuts at you.

The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but Mr. Brain has long since departed.

The cheese slid off his cracker.

Alright, I'm gonna save the rest."Doctor doctor! I feel like a pack of cards!" "I'll deal with you later!"Q: How do you help a starving cannibal?

A: Give him a hand!One day in the 1800's a father asked his child to go get some nuts and berries. She went around and got nuts and berries from every boy she knew. When she showed her dad he said, "That's not what I meant!"Q: Did you hear the joke about the jump rope?

A: No, I skipped it!When I shake your head, all I hear is echo echo echo...Your face is sad. Not that you're crying, it's that I feel sorry for you.You're so ugly that your momma cried when she saw you after birth.You're so ugly that when it's Christmas, instead of giving you toys, Santa gives you plastic bags to cover your face.Q.  How do you keep an idiot busy?

A.  Tell him that the ground is going to fall on him if he doesn't get off it.Yo mama's so stupid, she walked into an antique shop and asked "What's New?"Yo momma's so dumb she dj's for the ice cream truck!Yo momma so fat, she leaves stretch marks in the bath tub.How women think about sex: 

At 8, ignore it.

At 18, experience it.

At 28, look for it.

At 38, ask for it.

At 48, beg for it.

At 58, pay for it.

At 68, pray for it.

At 78, forget it.Kid says to mom:"The babysitter's an angel! She was naked in the garden and screamed God I'm coming! Lucky daddy was holding her from behind to keep her here!"What is the new name for a taxi in Oshakati? A computer. Why? It has windows, always crashes, & is driven by a thin black floppy with a virus.The cat was chasing the rooster around on the farm, then the cat fell in the water and the rooster laughed. Lesson: For every wet pussy there is a happy cockWoman tells man: :"I demand good manners in bed just like at the dinner table." So man gets into bed slowly, smiles & says: "Honey, would u please pass me the vagina?"Good: You & Your wife decide not to have kids. 
Bad: Your wife can't find the birth control pills 
Ugly: You daughter borrowed them.A Japanese girl accidentally lets out a disturbing fart after making love!

She said: "Aww, so sorry.  Excuse please, front hole so happy, back hole laugh out loud!!Did you hear about the cannibal who was late to dinner? 
He got the cold shoulder.When a cop stops you he gives you a ticket,when a cop stops me he gives me his number.Your so ugly you make Bin Landen look like a god.Tom: I've got a great knock-knock joke.

Bill: Ok,  let's  hear it.

Tom: You start.

Bill: Knock-knock.

Tom: Who's there?

Bill: ???????????? (dumbfounded)When one wishes to unlock a door but only has one hand free, the keys are in the opposite pocket. (Von fumbles law) 

A door will snap shut only when you have left the keys inside. (Yale law of destiny) 

When ones hands are covered with oil, grease, or glue, your nose will start to itch. (Law of ichiban) 

Your insurance will cover everything but what has happened. (Insurance so sorry law) 

When things seem easy to do, it's because you haven't followed all the instructions. (Destiny awaits law) 

If you keep your cool when everyone else is losing his, it's probably because you have not realized the seriousness of the problem (law of gravitas) 

Most problems are not created nor solved, they only change appearances. (Einstein's law of persistence) 

You will run to answer the telephone just as the party hangs up on you. (Principle of dingaling) 

Whenever one wants to connect with the Internet, the call you've been waiting for all day will arrive. (Principle of Bellsouth) 

If there are only two programs on TV that are worth your time, they will always be at the same time. (Law of wasteland) 

The cost is always higher than one budgets for, and it is exactly 3.14 times higher, hence the importance of pi. (Law of pi eyed) 

The probability that one will spill food on one's clothes is directly proportional to the need to be clean. (Law of Campbell scoop) 

Each and every body sitting on a commode will cause the doorbell to ring. (Law of ogolly gee!)" 

Wind velocity will increase proportionally to the cost of one's hairdo. (The donking principle) 

After discarding something not used for years, you will need it one week later. (Law of fatal irreversibility) 

Arriving early for an appointment will cause the receptionist to be absent, and if one arrives late, everyone else has arrived before you. (Law of de lay) 

Do not take life too seriously, because in the end, you won't come out alive anyway." (Theory of absolute certainty)After enlisting in the 82nd Airborne Division, I eagerly asked my Recruiter what I could expect from jump school. 

"Well," he said, "it's three weeks long." 

"What else," I asked. 

"The first week they separate the men from the boys," he said. "The second week, they separate the men from the fools." 

"And the third week?" I asked. 

"The third week, the fools jump."The perfect man and the perfect woman got married, had a perfect honeymoon, and got a perfect car.  One day, they were driving along and Santa Claus was on the side of the road.  His sleigh had broken down, and he needed a ride to the next town.  The perfect couple were nice, and let him hitch a ride.

    Well, they were driving along when they crashed into a tree.  Only one of them lived.  Who?  The perfect woman.  Why?  There is no such thing as Santa Claus, and God knows that there isn't any such thing as a perfect man! ;)A gentleman walks into bar, and to his horror, sees a screaming naked lady tied to the wall while the bartender licks her! The guy runs out and calles the police.He is even more horrified when the police say there is nothing they can do; the bartender has lick-her (liquor) license.Known fact amongst all men: Having sex can help combat asthma and hay fever, now we need to inform all women!Your teeth are so yellow the sun should be shy to show it self!With a lousy year under his belt a tractor salesman was traveling down a dusty back road in Iowa, when he came across a farmer working his field with an old, broken down tractor. He jumped out of his truck and gave his best sales pitch to the old guy. 
The farmer stroked his chin and said, "The other day I was getting ready to milk Betsy. I was just getting started when she kicked me with her left leg. So I grabbed me a piece of rope and tied her leg to the stall. Just as I was starting again, she kicked me with her right leg. I grabbed another piece of rope and tied leg to the other side of the stall. I'll be darned if when I started again she smacked in the face with her tail. I grabbed another piece of rope and tied her tail to the rafter above. Mister, if you can convince my wife that I was just trying to milk that cow, I'll buy a tractor."Someday your prince charming will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions."No one dies a virgin, life screws us all!""People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day."

-Poor BearHeaven won't take me and hell's afraid I'll take over. 

-Unknown (boardofwisdom.com)What did the bee say to the naughty bee?




Bee-Hive your selfWhen a guy asked a blond to take a survey, she asked, "Do I have to bring it back?"MEXICAN VIRUS                                                             

                                                                            

  BUENOS DIAS!!                                                             

                                                                            

JOU HAVE YUST RECEIVED A MEHICAN BIRUS!!!  

  

SINCE WE NOT SO TECHNOLOGICALLY ADBANCED IN MEHICO, DIS IS A MANUAL BIRUS.

PLEASE DELETE ALL THE FILES ON JOUR HARD DRIVE JOURSELF AND SEND THIS E-MAIL TO EBERYONE JOU KNOW. 

TAN JOU POR YELPING ME.                                                                   

 

JULIO MANUEL JOSE  FEDENZIO  RODRIGUEZ GARCIA , MEXICAN HACKEREveryone seems to be wondering why Muslims are so quick to commit
suicide.

Let's see now: No Jesus, No Wal-Mart, No Television, No Cheerleaders, No
baseball, No Football, No Basketball, No Hockey, No Golf, No Tailgate
Parties, No Home Depot.

No Pork BBQ, No Hot Dogs, No Burgers, No Lobster, No Shellfish, or even
frozen fish sticks, No Gumbo, No Jambalaya.

More than one wife.

Rags for clothes and towels for hats.

Constant wailing from the guy next door because he's sick and there are
no doctors.

Constant wailing from the guy up in the tower.

No chocolate cookies. No Christmas.

You can't shave. Your wives can't shave.

You can't shower to wash off the smell of donkey being cooked over
burning camel dung.

The women have to wear baggy dresses and veils at all times.

Your bride is picked by someone else. She smells just like your donkey,
but your donkey has a better disposition.

Then they tell you that when you die it all gets better.

I mean, really, IS THERE A MYSTERY HERE?Two dwarfs go into a bar, where they pick up two prostitutes and 
>>take
>>them to their separate hotel
>>rooms.
>>
>>The first dwarf, however, is unable to get an erection. His 
>>depression
>>is made worse by the fact that,
>>from the next room, he hears his little friend shouting out cries 
>>of
>>"Here I come again ... ONE, TWO,
>>THREE... UUH!" all night long.
>>
>>In the morning, the second dwarf asks the first, "How did it go?"
>>The first mutters, "It was so embarrassing. I simply couldn't get 
>>an
>>erection."
>>
>>The second dwarf shook his head. "You think that's embarrassing?
>>
>>"I couldn't even get on the bed.."You may not know this but many non-living things have a
gender.

1) Ziploc Bags are Male, because they hold everything
in, but you can see right through them.
2) Copiers are Female, because once turned off; it
takes a while to warm them up again. 
3) A Tire is Male, because it goes bald and it's often
over inflated.
4) A Hot Air Balloon is Male, because, to get it to go
anywhere, you have to light a fire under it, and of
course, there's the hot air part.
5) Sponges are Female, because they're soft,
squeezable and retain water. 
6) A Web Page is Female, because it's always getting
hit on.
7) A Subway is Male, because it uses the same old
lines to pick people up.
8) An Hourglass is Female, because over time, the
weight shifts to the bottom.
9) A Hammer is Male, because it hasn't changed much
over the last 5,000 years, but it's handy to have
around.
10) A Remote Control is Female. Ha! You thought it'd
be male, didn't you? But consider this - it gives a
man pleasure, he'd be lost without it, and while he
doesn't always know the right buttons to push, he
keeps trying!A blonde and a brunette are hanging from a pole to see who can hang the longest. The blonde is showing off by hanging from one hand. The brunette says, "I bet you can't do no hands."

The blonde takes the challenge and loses the contest.I have learned to not jump out the window with a towel as a parachute.

..never throw a boomerang if you don't know how to catch it.

..don't fly a kite while facing towards the wind.

..don't throw a cat on a dog.

..never leave a three year old alone with duct tape and glue

..don't let a friend make you laugh while eating unless he/she knows the heimlich maneuver.

..don't ditch school if you don't know the way back homeQ:  What do mice say when they see the moon??

A:  "Ooh, Cheese!"While driving to work, I found myself behind an old Ford Falcon, with five teenage boys inside.  The best part was the bumper sticker in the center of the rear window.  It read:

DON'T LAUGH, YOUR DAUGHTER COULD BE IN HERE!I never engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed appointWhen I worked in the tourist industry in Florida, we got to wear some of the buttons that were for sale.  My favorite read :

We love serving tourists; I like mine well done!A guy walks into the Microsoft Shop.

Guy: I'd like a cheesecake, please.

Receptionist: Sure.

The receptionist hands him a block of cheese.

Guy: Umm... This is just the cheese. Where's the cake?

Rec: You have to purchase that seperately.

Guy: What the ----? What kind of product are you trying to sell me? Oh well.

Rec: Good. I knew you'd understand.

The Rec hands him the cake.

Guy: So... What do I do with the cheese and the cake?

Rec: You blend it.

Guy: With what?

The Rec hands him a blender.

The guy puts the cheese and the cake into the blender and blends it.

Guy: Now I have a bunch of liquid. What do I do with it?

Rec: Oh ---- you retard, you're supposed to exchange the cake for the batter first.

Guy: For the sake of Pete, what the ----? Fine. Let's start over. So I get the cheese and I get the cake. Then I exchange the cake for the batter, right?

Rec: Yep.

The guy blends it.

Guy: Right... I'm still stuck with a load of liquid.

Rec: You're supposed to cook it.

Guy: With what?

Rec: With this full-sized oven.

Guy: What the ----?

Rec: Yep.

The guy cooks the cheesecake.

Guy: Hey Rec! My cake is hot! Aren't cheesecakes supposed to be frozen?

Rec: Yeah, you need to put it in that freezer behind you for 24 hours. Since you're not an employee, it costs $1 a minute to use it.

Guy: You mean I'm supposed to pay $1440 to freeze my cake?

Rec: Wow! You're good at math! And, yes.

The guy puts his cheesecake in the freezer, pays his over-inflated bill, and leaves.


The next day, he comes back and finds the cake gone.

Guy: What happened to my cheesecake?

Rec: Well, you see, at lunch about an hour ago, there was this guy who was still hungry and saw the cheesecake and ate it.



On a completely unrelated note, the guy's brother bought a computer from Microsoft.

GB: How do I type my work?

Rec: Install Office.

GB: Sure.

GB: Umm... how do I install it?

Rec: You use a CD.

GB: Oh. Whoops, I jammed my cubicle into my case instead. Let's start over. So, I buy the computer and I install Office using a CD. Umm... I don't get how to do it.

Rec: You put the CD in the drive and let it Autorun.

GB: What the ---- is a drive?

Rec: Why don't you leave your computer here and let us do it for you?

GB: Sure.

The guy's brother leaves the computer and goes home.


The next day, he comes back.

GB: Yeah, I left my computer here yesterday?

Rec: No, there's no record of that. There was an extra computer here yesterday, so the shipping people shipped it off to CraCom.

GB: CraCom? As in CrappyCompany? It went bankrupt 2 hours ago!

Rec: Oh, I'm sorry. Would you care to buy a notebook?

GB: I already have one in my pocket, thanks.I almost got fired for telling this joke at work:


Do you know why fireman have bigger balls than policeman?







They sell more tickets!There was once an extremely wealthy woman who had reached the age of "over 50" without ever having a boyfriend, let alone a date or sex. She determined to catch up with the rest of the world and set her lawyer & accountants to find her the perfect man to share her life & money.

Her requirements were: he must be handsome, intelligent, athletic and above all he must be a virgin.

The lawyer & accountants started a world-wide search to fulfill her request, and after almost a year found the perfect candidate in the wilds of Australia. He was everything their client wanted and had never even seen a woman.

After much convincing, the groom was put on a jet to meet the bride. It was love at first sight for the woman & the nuptials took place almost immediately.

The bride shyly removed to the bathroom after excusing herself to her new husband. When she returned to the bedroom a few minutes later, she found him naked in the center of the room with all the furniture pushed back against the walls.

When she inquired the groom stated: " I don't know squat about women, but if they're anything like kangaroos.....we're going to need all the room we can get."An architect, an artist and an accountant were discussing whether it was better to spend time with the wife or a mistress. The architect said he enjoyed time with his wife, building a solid foundation for an enduring relationship. 

The artist said he enjoyed time with his mistress, because of the passion and mystery he found there. 

 The accountant said, "I like both." 

"Both?" 

The accountant replied "Yeah. If you have a wife and a mistress, they will each assume you are spending time with the other woman, and you can go to the office and get some work done."To the optimist, the glass is half full.  To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. 

To the accountant, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.I was watching my friend instant message. She was talking to a kid that she knew. The kid had lost his hat. I suggested, rather foolishly, to look in his nose. (As a joke, of course) My friend typed this. He then wrote (without seeing the message that  my friend wrote) I'm going to look there on Monday.A man goes into a pet shop and tells the owner that he wants to buy a pet that can do everything.

The owner says, "How about a dog?"

The man replies, "A dog? That's so ordinary! And a dog can't do everything!"

The owner says, "How about a cat?"

The man replies, "No way! A cat certainly can't do everything. I want a pet that can do everything!"

The owner thinks for a minute, then says, "I've got it -- a centipede!" The man says, "A centipede? I can't imagine a centipede doing everything. But, okay ... I'll try a centipede."

He gets the centipede home and says to it, "Clean the kitchen." Thirty minutes later, he walks into the kitchen and it's immaculate. All the dishes and silverware have been washed, polished, dried and put away. The countertops have been cleaned. The appliances are sparkling. The floor has been waxed.

He's absolutely amazed. He says to the centipede, "Run down to the corner and get me a newspaper." The centipede walks out the door. Ten minutes later, no centipede. Twenty minutes later, no centipede. Thirty minutes later, no centipede.

The man is wondering what's going on. The centipede should have been back in a couple of minutes. Forty-five minutes later, still no centipede! The man can't imagine what happened. Did the centipede run away? Did it get run over by a car? Finally, he goes to the front door and opens it... and there's the centipede sitting right outside the door.

The man says, "Hey! I sent you 45 minutes ago to run down to the corner and get me a newspaper. What's the story?"

The centipede says, "I'm goin'! I'm goin'! Just putting on my shoes!"How do we look at a calendar to find what date it is, when we don't know the date?One day a duck walked into a drugstore and bought some lipstick. She walked up to the clerk and said, "Put it on my bill!"How is it we look in a dictionary to figure out how to spell something if we don't know how to spell it?Knock-Knock
Who's there?
Oscar
Oscar who?
Ask her a silly question, get a silly answer!Yo momma so dumb, She invented water proof tea bags.An ejector seat on a helicopter.

A fly screen on a submarine.

An ashtray for a motorcycle.

A lead balloon.

A bikini for Eskimos.

Sugar-cube fishing bait.

A glass baseball bat..1.Doctor, Doctor! My son swallowed a pen, what should I do?

Use a pencil instead!

2.Doctor, Doctor! I think I'm getting shorter!

You'll just have to be a little patient.

3.Doctor, Doctor! I'm invisible!

I'm sorry, sir, I can't see you right now.1.  Send him to the store for tampons, telling him to ask which is the best brand.

2.  When he tells you he loves you say, "I do, wait, I don't love you!"

3.  Tell him you're a covicted serial killer everytime he asks you how are you.

4.  Spill his favorite and most expensive cologne down the toilet and tell him he made me do it!One night, a little boy and his father were having a conversation. The father asked the boy, "Can you say your ABC's, son?"

"Yes I can! A...B..C..." and he goes through the whole alphebet.

The father then said, "That's good, but can you say it backwords?"

The boy smiles and says, "yeah", so he turns around and says, "A...B...C..."A man called the computer company because he was having trouble with his computer. A woman answered the phone.
"Hello. May I help you?
"Yes. I'm having trouble with my computer. Every time I press the enter key my computer goes biserk."
"I think I know what you should do."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"What should I do?"
"You should stop pressing the enter key."Yo momma's like 7-11...

Cause she is open all day.A man went to the hospital with a sprained ankle. The doctor said, "Don't worry, you'll be walking in no time." He was. The doctor stole his car.One day the father of a very wealthy family took his son on a trip to the country with the firm purpose of showing his son how poor people can be. They spent a couple of days and nights on the farm of what would be considered a very poor family. 

On their return from their trip, the father asked his son, "How was the trip?" "It was great, Dad." "Did you see how poor people can be?" the father asked. "Oh, yeah," said the son. "So what did you learn from the trip?" asked the father. 

The son answered, "I saw that we have one dog and they had four. We have a pool that reaches to the middle of our garden and they have a creek that has no end. We have imported lanterns in our garden and they have the stars at night. Our patio reaches to the front yard and they have the whole horizon. 

"We have a small piece of land to live on and they have fields that go beyond our sight. We have servants who serve us, but they serve others. We buy our food, but they grow theirs. We have walls around our property to protect us, they have friends to protect them." 

At this the boy's father was speechless. Then his son added, "Thanks, dad, for showing me how poor we are."Dick and Jane were arguing over the breakfast table.

"Oh you're so stupid!"
shouted Dick.

"Dick!" said their father, "That is enough! Now say you're sorry!"

"Okay," said Dick, "I am sorry you're stupid."The King sent for his wise men all
To find a rhyme for W.
When they had thought for a time,
But could not think of a single rhyme,
"I'm sorry," he said," To trouble you."Taking advantage of a balmy day in New York, a priest and three other men of the cloth swapped their clerical garb for polos and khakis and time out on the golf course.  After several really horrible shots, their caddy asked, "You guys wouldn't be priests by any chance?"

"Actually, yes, we are," one cleric replied.  "How did you know?"

"Easy," said the caddy, "I've never seen such bad golf and such clean language!"knock-knock

who's there?

duck

duck who? 

duck I just threw a frisby at you!!A man who digs?
Doug!

A man who doesn't dig?
Douglas!

A woman with a cat on her head?
Kitty!Yo momma is so old, she was stood up by King Tut, before he became a mummy.It's a sunny morning in a big forest and the Bear family is just waking up. Baby Bear goes downstairs and sits in his small chair at the table. He looks into his small bowl. It is empty! "Who's been eating my porridge?" he squeaks.

Daddy Bear arrives at the table and sits in his big chair. He looks into his big bowl. It is also empty! "Who's been eating my porridge?" he roars.

Mommy Bear puts her head through the serving hatch and screams, "For gosh sakes, how many times do we have to go through this crap? I haven't made the porridge yet!"1. Sing the Batman theme incessantly.

2. Say "Wouldn't you like to know?" every time someone asks you a question.

3. Specify that your drive-through order is "to go."

4. Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."

5. If you have a glass eye, tap on it occasionally with your pen while talking to others.

6. Amuse yourself for endless hours by hooking a camcorder to your TV and then pointing it at the screen.

7. Speak only in a "robot" voice.

8. Push all the flat Lego pieces tightly together.

9. Start each meal by conspicuously licking all your food, and announce that this is so no one will "swipe your grub".

10. Leave the copy machine set to reduce 200%, extra dark, 17 inch paper, 99 copies.

11. Stomp on little plastic ketchup packets.

12. Sniffle incessantly.

13. Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.

14. Name your dog "Dog."

15. Insist on keeping your car windshield wipers running in all weather conditions to "keep them tuned up."

16. Reply to everything someone says with, "that's what YOU think."

17. Holler random numbers while someone is counting.

18. Declare your apartment an independent nation, and sue your neighbors upstairs for "violating your air space."

19. Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was a "real hoot."

20. Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch with a can of Lysol.

21. Practice making fax and modem noises.

22. Highlight irrelevant information in scientific papers and copy them to your boss.

23. Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.

24. Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.

25. Erect an elaborate network of ropes in your backyard, and tell the neighbors you are a "spider person."

26. Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with prophecy."

27. Wear a special hip holster for your remote control.

28. Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any moment.

29. Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your ears.

30. Disassemble your pen and "accidentally" flip the ink cartridge across the room.An application was for employment
A program was a TV show
A cursor used profanity
And a keyboard was on a piano!



Memory was something that you lost with age
And a CD was a bank account
And if you had a corrupted disk
It would hurt when you found out! 



Compress was what you did to garbage
Not something you did to a file
And if you unzipped anything in public
You'd be in jail for a while! 



Log on was adding wood to a fire
A hard drive was a trip on the road
A mouse pad was where a mouse lived
And a backup happened to the commode! 



Cutting, you did with a pocket knife,
Pasting, you did with glue.
The Web was where a spider lived
And a virus was the flu!Coca-Cola was originally green. 

Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury. 

Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt. 

1/4 of LA is taken up of automobiles.

The state with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska.

2 out of 5 people live in China or India.

Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61000. 

The city with the most Rolls Royces per capita: Hong Kong. 

The most commonly used password on computer systems is "password".

The youngest pope was 11 years old. 

The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments. 

Q. What separates "60 Minutes," on CBS from every other TV show? 
A. No theme song. 

Q. Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of what? 
A. Their birthplace.

Q. What do bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers and laser printers all have in common? 
A. All invented by women. 

Q. This is the only food that doesn't spoil. 
A. Honey 

Q. What trivia fact about Mel Blanc (voice of Bugs Bunny) is the most ironic? 
A. He was allergic to carrots.Michael Jordan made over $300,000 a game. 



That equals $10,000 a minute, at an average of 30 minutes per game. 



With $40 million in endorsements, he made $178,100 a day, working or not. 



If he sleeps 7 hours a night, he makes $52,000 every night while visions of sugarplums dance in his head. 



If he goes to see a movie, it will cost him $7.00, but he'll make $18,550 while he's there. 



If he wanted to save up for a new Acura NSX ($90,000), it would take him a whole 12 hours. 



He'll probably pay around $200 for a nice round of golf, but will be reimbursed $33,390 for that round. 



If you were given a penny for every 10 dollars he made, you'd be living comfortably at $65,000 a year. 



In his last year, he made more than twice as much as all U.S. past presidents for all of their terms combined. 



However, if Jordan saves 100% of his income for the next 250 years, he'll still have less than Bill Gates has today.Child 1: Whatcha gonna do?

Child 2: I'm gonna watch TV!

Child 1: Guess what? I'm the QUEEN of the TV Freaks!Everyone can be an Echo!

1] Repeat everything a person says & does in an exaggerated  way

2] If your victim tries to get you to stop by saying something like, 'I'm a stupid furball,' say ' at least you have the courage to admit it!'

3]This is the most important instruction!
 DO NOT LET YOUR VICTIM NEAR A BOOK!Yo mama is so fat that she uses all of Mexico as a tanning bed.Yo momma is so fat she needs to lose weight.1) That's not right - Sum Ting Wrong

2) Who are you with? - Hu Yu Hai Ding

3) See me ASAP - Kum Hai Nao

4) Stupid Man - Dum Gai

5) Small Horse - Tai Ni Po Ni 

6) Did you go to the beach? - Wai Yu So Tan

7) I bumped into a coffee table - Ai Band Mai Ni

8) It's very dark in here - Wai So Dim

9) I thought you were on a diet - Wai Yu Mun Ching

10) This is a tow away zone - No Pah Ding

11) Our meeting is next week - Wai Yu Kum Nao

12) Staying out of sight - Lai Ying Lo

13) He's cleaning his automobile - Wa Shing KaYou can hear mimes.

You begin to talk to yourself, then disagree about the subject, get into a nasty row over it, lose, and refuse to speak to yourself for the rest of the night.

The Sun is too loud.

Teddy bears begin to bully you for milk and cookies.

You ask the drive-thru attendant if you can get your order to go.

You can skip without a rope.

Trees start chasing you. 

Know Someone Who's Stressed Out... Or You Just Want To Make Laugh? Pass This Forward Along Today!Message from www.dating.com:

Your dating ad has been on the net
for 8 weeks without any answer!
Do you rather want us to try
one week without a picture?You're a..

January- talented
February- lowlife
March- immature
April- wild
May- exciting
June- weird
July- selfish
August- hot
September- scary
October- messed up
November- cool
December-sexy


Now pick the color shirt you have on


Pink- cupcake sales person
Blue- hooker
Red- bartender
Green- Celebrity
Purple- Mc Donalds worker
White- slut
Yellow- taxi driver
Black- chef
Orange- homeless
Gray- stripper
No shirt- millionare
Other- toe nail clipper

LAST...the day you were born

1- that loves food
2- that hates kids
3- that needs attention
4- that is a murderer
5- who sucks at reading
6- who strips to pay for bills
7- who kills kids
8- who goes to dunkin donuts everyday
9- that loves laguna beach
10- that is OCD with something
11- that is cheating on someone for $$
12- who never brushes their hair
13- who licks peoples toes
14- who is a gold digger $$
15- that wants to be in love
16- who is secretly bi
17- that is a whore
18- who is anorexic
19- that wants a vibrator
20- that owns two chinese fighting fish
21- that wants to have chinese food
22- that is obsessed with myspace
23- who loves cats
24- who wants sex
25- who is a bookworm
26- who will never have sex
27- who is a drug addict
28- who will live to be 121
29- who takes naked pictures of themselves
30- who will stay in the same place forever
31- who needs to brush their teeth* This is a good reminder, for all of us. You can never read this 
too many times!! 
 
1. Tip from police: The elbow is the strongest point on your body. If you are close enough, USE IT! 
 
2. If a robber asks for your wallet and/or purse, DO NOT HAND IT  TO HIM. Toss it away from you....chances are that he is more 
interested in your wallet and/or purse than you and he will go for the wallet/purse. RUN LIKE MAD IN THE OTHER DIRECTION! 

3. If you are ever thrown into the trunk of a car: Kick out the back tail lights and stick your arm out the hole and start waving like crazy. The driver won't see you but everybody else will. This has
saved lives. 

 4. Women have a tendency to get into their car after shopping, eating, working, etc., and just sit (doing their checkbook, or making a list, etc.) DON'T DO THIS! The predator will be watching you and this is the perfect opportunity for him to get in on the passenger side, put a gun to your head, and tell you where to go. AS SOON AS YOU GET INTO YOUR CAR, LOCK THE DOORS & LEAVE. 

5. A few notes about getting into your car in a parking lot, or parking garage: 
A.) Be AWARE: look around you, look into your car, at the passenger side floor, and in the back seat. (and check out under the car as you approach) 
 B.) If you are parked next to a big van, enter your car from the passenger door. Most serial killers attack their victims by  pulling them into their vans while the women are attempting to get
into their cars. 
 C.) Look at the car parked on the driver's side of your  vehicle and the passenger side. If a male is sitting alone in the seat  nearest your car, you may want to walk back into the mall, or work 
and get a guard/policeman to walk you back out. IT IS ALWAYS BETTER TO BE SAFE THAN SORRY. (And better paranoid than dead.)
 
6. ALWAYS take the elevator instead of the stairs. (Stairwells are horrible places to be alone and a perfect crime spot).

 7. If the predator has a gun and you are not under his control, ALWAYS RUN! The predator will only hit you (a running target) 4 in 100 times; And even then, it most likely WILL NOT be a vital organ. RUN!

 8. As women, we are always trying to be sympathetic: STOP IT! It may get you raped, or killed. Ted Bundy, the serial killer, was a  good-looking, well educated man, who ALWAYS played on the sympathies of unsuspecting women. He walked with a cane, or a limp and often asked "for help" into his vehicle or with his vehicle, which is when
he abducted his next victim.

* Someone just told me that her friend heard a crying baby on her  porch the night before last, and she called the police because it was late and she thought it was weird.The police told her "Whatever you do, DO NOT open the door." The lady then said that it sounded like the baby had crawled near a window, and she was worried that it would crawl to the street and get run over. The policeman said, "We already have a unit on the way, whatever you do, DO NOT open the door." He told her that they think a serial killer has a baby's cry recorded and uses it to coax women out of their homes thinking that someone dropped off a baby. He said they have not verified it, but have had several calls 
by women saying that they hear baby's cries outside their doors when they're home alone at night. 

* Please pass this on! and DO NOT open the door for a crying baby. This e-mail should probably be taken seriously because the Crying baby theory was mentioned on America's Most Wanted this past Saturday when they profiled the serial killer, in Louisiana. 

* Forward this message to all the women you know. It may save a life.

* A candle is not dimmed by lighting another candle.
 
* I was going to send this to the ladies only, but guys, if you love your mothers, wives, sisters, daughters, etc., you may want to pass  it onto them, as well.

Be Smart, Safe, and have a nice Holiday in the coming weeks ahead!I signed up for an exercise class and was told to wear loose-fitting clothing. If I HAD any loose-fitting clothing, I wouldn't have signed up in the first place!  

When I was young we used to go "skinny dipping," now I just "chunky dunk."  

Wouldn't it be nice if whenever we messed up our life we could simply press 'Ctrl Alt Delete' and start all over?  

Stress is when you wake up screaming and then you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.  

My husband says I never listen to him. At least I think that's what he said.  

Just remember...if the world didn't ****, we'd all fall off.  

If raising children was going to be easy, it never would have started with something called labor!  

Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever.  

But Most Of All, Remember !

A Friend Is Like A Good Bra. Hard to Find, Supportive, Comfortable, And Always Close To Your Heart!!!!!!!!!Two contracters were building a house. While they were sawing a board, the saw slipped and cut of one of the contracter's ears off. They were looking through the sawdust and one contracter came up with the ear. He asked his co-worker, "Is this it?" The other one said "No, mine had a pencil behind it!"Former First Lady Hillary Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno were having one of those girl to girl talks. 
Hillary says to Janet, "You're lucky that you don't have to put up with men having sex with you. I have to put up with Bill, and there is no telling where he last had his pecker."

Janet responded. "Just because I am considered ugly, doesn't mean I don't have to fight off unwelcome sexual advances."

Hillary asks, "Well how do you deal with the problem?"

Janet: "Whenever I feel that a guy is getting ready to make a pass at me, I muster all my might and squeeze out the loudest, nastiest, fart I can."

Well, that night, Bill was already in bed with the lights out when Hillary headed for bed. She could hear him start to stir, and knew that he would be wanting some action. She had been saving her farts all day, and was ready for him. She tenses up her butt cheeks and forces out the most disgusting sounding fart you could imagine.

Bill rolls over and says, "Is that you Janet?."Patient: "It must be tough spending all day with your hands in someone's mouth."
Dentist: "I just think of it as having my hands in their wallet."Q: How do you keep a cheepskate busy?

A: Put him or her in a round room and tell them that you droped a $20 bill in the corner.One day Tommy was sitting in class, the teacher came over and told him to go out in the hallway. He got mad and he didn't move. 
     Five minutes later, she came back over to him and tapped him on the shoulder. "I thought I told you to go out in the hallway." 
     "I did," He told her lying through his teeth. 
     "Ok then, so what did you do with your gifts?" she asked. 
     "What gifts?" 
     "Your mom was outside in the hallway holding some gifts for you for your birthday, did you not see her or were you lying to me?" 
     So he ran outside the class but his mom was gone. He was very upset but as he was walking back into the class, the teacher said, "Gotcha, that will teach you to disobey me and lie."I want to thank all of you who have taken the time and trouble to send me your damn chain letters over the past few years. Yes, thank you, thank you, thank you from the bottom of what's left of my heart for making me feel safe, secure, blessed, and wealthy. 
Because of your concern...I no longer can drink Coca Cola because it can remove toilet stains. 

I no longer drink anything out of a can because I will get sick from the rat feces and urine. 

I no longer use Saran wrap in the microwave because it causes cancer. 

I no longer check the coin return on pay phones because I could be pricked with a needle infected with AIDS. 

I no longer use cancer-causing deodorants even though I smell like a water buffalo on a hot day 

I no longer use margarine because it's one molecule away from being plastic. 

I no longer go to shopping malls because someone will drug me with a perfume sample and rob me. 

I no longer receive packages from UPS or FedEx since they are actually Al Qaeda in disguise. 

I no longer answer the phone because someone will ask me to dial a stupid number for which I will get the phone bill from hell with calls to Jamaica, Uganda, Singapore, and Zebekistan. 

I no longer eat KFC because their chickens are actually horrible mutant freaks with no eyes or feathers. 

I no longer date the opposite sex because they will take my kidneys and leave me taking a nap in a bathtub full of ice. 

I no longer buy expensive cookies from Neiman Marcus since I now have their recipe. 

I no longer worry about my soul because I have 363,214 angels looking out for me and St. Theresa's novena has granted my every wish. 

Thanks to you, I have learned that God only answers my prayers if I forward an email to seven of my friends and make a wish within five minutes. (Geez, the BIBLE did not mention it works that way!) 

I no longer have any savings because I gave it to a sick girl who is about to die in the hospital (for the 1,387,258th time). 

I no longer have any money at all, but that will change once I receive the $15,000 that Microsoft and AOL are sending me for participating in their special e-mail program. 

Yes, I want to thank all of you soooooooo much for looking out for me! 

I will now return the favor. 

If you don't send this e-mail to at least 1200 people in the next 60 seconds, a large bird with diarrhea will crap on your head at 5:00 PM this afternoon and the fleas of a thousand camels will infest your armpits. 

I know this will occur because it actually happened to a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of my next door neighbor's ex-mother-in-law's 8th husband's 2nd cousin's 3rd husband's ex-wife's mother's beautician! 

Ain't spam great?!?!?A man is stumbling through the woods, totally drunk, when he comes upon a preacher baptizing people in the river. He proceeds to walk into the water and subsequently bumps into the preacher. The preacher turns around and is almost overcome by the smell of alcohol, whereupon he asks the drunk, "Are you ready to find Jesus?" The drunken man answers, "Yes, I am." So the preacher grabs him and dunks him in the water. He pulls him up and asks the drunk, "Brother have you found Jesus?" 

The drunken man replies, "No, I haven't found Jesus." 

The preacher shocked at the answer, dunks him into the water again for a little longer. He again pulls him out of the water and asks again, "Have you found Jesus my brother?" The drunk again answers, "No, I haven't found Jesus." 

By this time the preacher is at his wits end and dunks the drunk in the water again -- but this time holds him down for about 30 seconds and when he begins kicking his arms and legs he pulls him up. The preacher again asks the drunk, "For the love of God have you found Jesus?" The drunk wipes his eyes and catches his breath and says to the preacher, "Are you sure this is where he fell in?"There are two guys walking down the street when they stumble upon a drunk.  They walked up to him and the 1st guy said, "Sir, what is you name?"
     "My name is Jesus Christ!" slurred the drunk.
     "That can't possibly be, what is your real name?" asked the 2nd man.
     The drunk repeated, "I told you my name is Jesus Christ!"
     The two men still didn't believe him so the drunk told them to follow him as he walked into a nearby bar.
     It was then they heard the bartender say, "Jesus Christ, are you here again?!"I don't need to write a joke!  Whenever I see your face I start to laugh anyway!!Why did the boy sprinkle sugar underneath his pillow that night?
He wanted to have sweet dreams.Why are llamas big and brown?
Beacause if they were small & grey, they would be mice.What is black & white an red all over?
A penguin holding its breath!What to a blonde is long and hard?
4th Grade1) How does a blonde kill a fish?

She drowns it!

2) How does a blonde kill a bird?

She throws it off a cliff!

3) How does a blonde lose 5 pounds?

She takes off her make up!

4) Why does a blonde wash her hair in the sink?

Because thats where you wash vegetables!

5) What did the blonde think of her new computer?

She couldn't get channel 9!1) Did you hear about the blond skydiver?
She Missed!

2) What do you call a blonde holding a balloon?
Twins!

3) Why doesn't a blonde drive a BMW?
Because she can't spell it!

4) How is a blonde the same as a bottle?
Thier both empty from the neck up!

5) Did you hear about the blonde that shot an arrow into the air?
She missed!Teacher: John, why is your cat at school today?
John: (crying)..I heard the milkman tell mom.."When the kid goes to school i'm gonna eat your pussy!"Question: What is brown and sticky?




Answer: A stick! Duh.1. During recess time,
   I like skipping rope.
   When I skip I shout a rhyme,
   And jump with all my hope.


2. I didn't study for the test even though I should've.
   I was playing PS2 and I would've,
   so I copied off of yours,
   I got them all wrong,
   so now I sing this song. (sing over and over this is an endless song.)

3. Some gum chum?
   It's watermelon,
   although I chewed it some,
   and it is jerybellum. (jerybellum - bubble gum co.)Doctor doctor! I keep thinking I'm invisible! WHO SAID THAT?!?!?What does the male centipede say to the other male centipede when a female centipede walks by?

That's a nice pair of legs, pair of legs, pair of legs, pair of legs.....There was once a blonde who was extremely sad with life because people always made fun of her. She decided to do something about it. She sat back and thought about it.

Suddenly she thought - "I have never seen anyone making fun of brunettes. So, if I start talking and behaving like them and dye my hair brown, no one will be able to make out that I am a blonde and make fun of me."

She went into isolation for three months and after a lot of practice, she walked confidently into a shop and said, "I am a very hungry. Give me some pepperoni and zucchini."

Immediately, the man behind the counter said "Are you a blonde?" The blonde was taken aback and she repeated her request. The man behind the counter said, "Are you a blonde or not?"

This man was finally very ashamed and amazed at the shop owner's discerning ability and so she admitted to the fact after which she asked, "But how did you know?"

The shopkeeper replied, "This is a hardware store!"Yo momma'a so stupid she stopped at a stop sign and waited untill it changed to 'Go!'What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?

Getting fingered by Captain Hook.What did the two lesbian frogs say to each other?


We taste like chicken!!What's the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease?


One is a cunning runt and the other is a running cunt.What does a clitoris, an anniversary, and a toilet have in common?

Men always miss them.Yo Momma's so fat she was forced to become a nudist.

Yo Momma's so fat she was forced to live in a barn.

Yo Momma's so fat that when she walked outside, naked, the cops had to have hand-cuffs specially designed for her.

Yo Momma's so fat that they had to create a prison specifically designed for her on an island.


Yo Momma's so fat that when she jumped in the ocean to head towards the island it threw the Earth out of orbit.

Yo Momma's so fat that she accidently killed a blue whale by stepping on it... "oops", she said and went on.

Yo Momma's so fat, she's just obese.

Yo Momma's so fat that when she reached the prison she wouldn't fit through the door.

Yo Momma's so stupid that once they fixed the door she didn't know how to get through.

Yo Momma's so stupid they had to try to teach her about shapes on the prison.

Yo Momma's so stupid she didn't pass the test.

Yo Momma's so dense that when the cops called her a bitch she just laughed her ass off.

And they had a great time.

Yo Momma's so fat she's even fatter than Cartman's ass, that's right, from South Park.

Yo Momma's so dense she kept touching an electric wire and laughing. "Haha, ouch", she said. "Haha, ouch", she said.

Yo Momma's so weird, that for her free time she pranced around in the meadow nude. Fortunely, it threw the Earth back into orbit.

Yo Momma's so dense, she can't differeniate colors.

Yo Momma's so cheap, that they set her free.

In the end, Yo Momma now lives in the ghetto.Yo momma's so ugly, she turned medusa to stone!An old lady sits on her front porch, rocking away the last days of her long life, when all of a sudden, a fairy godmother appears and informs her that she will be granted three wishes. 

"Well, now," says the old lady, "I guess I would like to be really rich." 

*** POOF *** Her rocking chair turns to solid gold. 

"And, gee, I guess I wouldn't mind being a young, beautiful princess." 

*** POOF *** She turns into a beautiful young woman. 

"Your third wish?" asks the fairy godmother. Just then the old woman's cat wanders across the porch in front of them. "Ooh - can you change him into a handsome prince?" she asks. 

*** POOF *** 

There before her stands a young man more handsome than anyone could possibly imagine. She stares at him, smitten. With a smile that makes her knees weak, he saunters across the porch and whispers in her ear, "Bet you're sorry you had me neutered."Warning - Please DO NOT look at the bottom of the page before you answer ALL the questions

1) What is a four-letter word that ends in k and means the same as intercourse?

2) What is it that a cow has four of and a woman has only two of?

3) What can you find in a man's pants that is about six inches long, has a head on it, and that women love so much that they often blow it?

4) What word starts with f and ends with u-c-k?

5) What four letter word begins with f and ends with k, and if you can't get one you can use your hands?

6) What is hard, six inches long, has two nuts, and can make a girl fat?

7) What is it that all men have one of; it's longer on some men than on others; the pope doesn't use his; and a man gives it to his wife after they're married?


ANSWERS:
1. (talk)
2. (legs)
3. (a twenty dollar bill)
4. (firetruck)
5. (fork)
6. (Almond Joy candy bar)
7. (last name)Yo momma's So stupid she put yellow for the answer to the following question:

What color is Santa's red suit?You're about as useful as a bargain hunter in Sears!1.  I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die from natural causes.


2.  Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.Here are the reasons I'd Like to thank Wal-Mart, K-Mart, Target, and my local grocer for having 25 checkout lanes and only three open at any given time. 

- Waiting in long lines keeps my domestic brain from going completely idle -- there's so much to learn! 

- I can catch up on my magazine reading without buying any. 

- I have time to leave my cart in line and run back to get the 13 things on my list I forgot. 

- I can be one of those annoying cell phone users and catch up on all my phone calls to my insurance agent, mother-in-law, and Auntie Anne. 

- I can catch a quick catnap now rather than on the drive home. 

- I can assess what other people have in their carts and get exciting new dinner ideas. 

- I can finally apply my top coat of nail polish with plenty of drying time. 

- I can run next door and pick up my dry cleaning. 

- I can update my coupon organizer and leave the trash in the we-never-open-enough-checkout-lanes store instead of my purse. 

- I can practice my standup comedy routines on unsuspecting fellow customers. 

- I can practice some standing yoga poses and then do those isometric muscle-contracting exercises no one else in line is supposed to know you're doing. 

- I can taste my package of the newest low-carb, zero-transfat, Splenda-saturated cookies. 

- I can breathe heavily on my T-bones so they're defrosted in time for dinner and I won't have to leave them out on the driveway in the hot late afternoon sun as I normally do.The FBI and the DEA are joining efforts and will be assigning some of their agents to a quasi-FBI/DEA enforcement team specifically targeting the illegal allergy pills sales that occur on the black market. 

The agents will be called "Pseudo Feds."Yo momma so stupid she shoved a battery up her butt and yelled I've got the powerQ: What's the difference between a black owl and a white owl?




A: White owl: Who who 
    Black owl: Who that who thatOnce there was a blond, a red head, and a brunette. They had to tell a joke in order not to go to hell.

So the red head goes first:
"What do you call a boy going to jail? 
A Micheal Jackson lover."
(not that funny) So she goes to hell.

Then the burnette says: 
"What's the difference between your mama and the blond's mama?
The blond's has a bigger chance on giving it up 
and yours doesn't need any."
(not that funny either) So, she goes to hell as well.

Finally, the blond says:
"Knock-knock! 
Who's there?
God 
God who?
Godzilla!" (not that funny)
But, the blond gets in!  Why?

Because, she used God and didn't notice it.An elderly spinster called the lawyer's office and told the receptionist she wanted to see the lawyer about preparing a will. The receptionist suggested they set up a convenient time for the spinster to come to the office. "You must understand, I've lived alone all my life, I rarely see anyone, and I don't like to go out.  Would it be possible for the lawyer to come to my house?" the elderly woman asked. The receptionist checked with the attorney who agreed and went to the spinster's home to discuss her estate and the will. 

The lawyer's first question was, "Would you please tell me what you have in assets and how you'd like them to be distributed under your will?" "I have $40,000 in my savings account at the bank," she replied.
"Tell me just how would you like the $40,000 to be distributed?" the lawyer asked. "Well, as I've told you, I've lived a reclusive life, people have hardly ever noticed me, so I'd like them to notice when I pass on," said the woman. "I'd like to provide $35,000 for my funeral."
 
"Well, for $35,000 you will be able to have a funeral that will certainly be noticed and will leave a lasting impression on anyone who may not have taken much note of you!" the lawyer exclaimed. "I need to know, what would you like to do with the remaining $5,000?"
The spinster replied, "As you know, I've never married and the fact is I've never slept with a man. So before I die, I'd like you to use the $5,000 to arrange for a man to sleep with me just once." "This is a very unusual request," the lawyer said, "but I'll see what I can do to arrange it and get back to you."

That evening, the lawyer was at home telling his wife about the eccentric spinster and her weird request. After thinking about how much she could do around the house with $5,000 and with a bit of coaxing, she got her husband to agree to provide the service himself. The next morning, she drove him to the spinster's house and waited while he went in. She waited for over an hour, but her husband didn't come out, so she blew the car horn. Shortly, the upstairs bedroom window opened, the lawyer stuck his head out and yelled, "Pick me up tomorrow, she's going to let the county bury her."Q: Why was Raggedy Anne kicked out of the toypen?

A: Because she kept sitting on Pinnochio's face saying, "Lie to me, lie to me!"A man and his wife are in the bed watching "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?"

He turns to her and says, "Do you want to have sex?"

"No," she answered. He replies, "Is that your final answer?"

"Yes," she said. He then replies, "I'd like to phone a friend."

That's the last thing he remembers. . . .Here's 50 cents


call  someone  who  caresIf you can tell time...

Why can't you tell that I don't have time for you?Ever wonder why your ears are where they are?

Just think, if they were on your butt,  you would have to pull down your pants to hear what I'm saying

--REDD FOXXThere once was a girl named Ann Hyser
Who claimed that no man could surprise her.
But old Pabst made a push
at the Schlitz in her Busch
and now she is sadder Budweiser!



*This joke was made by Bill Klompus*  Go Bill!!There was a stupid boy named Max. His dad wanted to see what he would do if he gave him a dollar, so Max's dad gave him a dollar the next day. Max was so excited. As he walked to school that day, the dollar in his hand, a little girl came up to him and said, "I will give you 2 shiny quarters for that dollar." Max figured that 2 was better than 1, so he willingly traded. When Max reached the school, a little boy came up to him and said, "I'll give you 3 dimes for those 2 quarters." Max traded again. Then his teacher came up to him, and knowing that he was so dumb, asked him to trade his 3 dimes for 4 nickels. Again, he traded. As Max was walking home from school that day, a old man came up to him and said, "Will you trade those 4 nickels for these 5 pennies?" Max traded. When Max got home, his dad asked his where his money was. Max showed him and Max never got money again.Why did our founding fathers expressed equality, but the constitution says people born in other countries can't be president?Please tell me how to obey these signs:

All Night Dance Club; NO MUSIC ALLOWED

Public Stairway; Please do not climb on stairs

Country Road; NO PEDESTRIANS OR AUTOMOBILES

A room in a touch-an-feel musem; Do not touch

A seminar for the deaf;  Please listen to others

Local bookstore;  Feel free to read books in this section, however do not read them in this store

A local carpet store completely covered in rugs;  Come in!  Please do not step on rugs

And please tell me who wrote these signs.In the 60's, people took acid to make the world appear weird.  Now the world is weird and people take Prozac to make it normal.What do you get when a dinosuar stubs its toe?

A: StubasaurusThis above a uranal.


What are you looking at? The real joke is in your hands!General Ways to Annoy People

Announce when you're going to the bathroom.

Ask people to prove everything they say. 
(e.g. "I'm Bob, nice to meet you..." 
"PROVE IT!")
ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE.
Before exiting the elevator, push all the buttons.How To Annoy People In An Elevator:
Ask, "Did you hear that cable snapping sound?"
Call the psychic hotline from you cell phone, and ask if they know what floor you're on. 
Drop a pen and wait until someone reaches to help pick it up, then scream, "That's mine!"
Hum the theme from Mission Impossible with yours eyes darting around the elevator.Ways To Annnoy Your Roommate
Become a mime. Nothing is more annoying than a mime.
Ask your roommate if your family can move in "just for a couple of weeks." 
Buy some turtles. Paint numbers on their backs. Race them down the hall. 
Chain yourself to your roommate's bed. Get him/her to bring you food.Ways To Annoy People In The Computer Lab
Bring some dry ice & make it look like your computer is smoking. 
Light candles in a circle around your terminal before starting. 
Play "Pong" for hours on the most powerful computer in the lab. 
Try to stick a Nintendo cartridge into the 3 1/2 disc drive, when it doesn't work, get the supervisor.Ways To Annoy People On The Subway
Stand in front of the doorway and glare at people when they try to get by.
Constantly ask people for directions.
Don't take a shower for a month.
Tell the people your problems. They really want to know.An unemployed man is desperate to support his family of a wife and three kids.    He applies for a janitor's job at a large firm and easily passes an aptitude test.
The human resources manager tells him,  "You will be hired at minimum wage of $5.35 an hour. Let me have your e-mail address so that we can get you in the loop. Our system will automatically e-mail you all the forms and advise you when to start and where to report on your first day."

Taken back, the man protests that he is poor and has neither a computer nor an e-mail address.    To this the manager replies, "You must understand that to a company like ours that means that you virtually do not exist. Without an e-mail address or internet access you can hardly expect to be employed by a high-tech firm. Good day."

Stunned, the man leaves. Not knowing where to turn and having $10 in his wallet, he walks past a farmers' market and sees a stand selling 25 lb. crates of beautiful red tomatoes. He buys a crate, carries it to a busy corner and displays the tomatoes. In less than two hours he sells all the tomatoes and makes 100% profit. Repeating the process several times more that day, he ends up with almost $100 and arrives home that night with several bags of groceries for his family.

During the night he decides to repeat the tomato business the next day. By the end of the week he is getting up early every day and working into the night. He multiplies his profits quickly.    Early in the second week he acquires a cart to transport several boxes of tomatoes at a time, but before a month is up he sells the cart to buy a broken-down pickup truck.    At the end of a year he owns three old trucks. His two sons have left their neighborhood gangs to help him with the tomato business, his wife is purchasing the tomatoes he resells, and his daughter is taking night courses at the community college so she can keep books for him.

By the end of the second year he has a dozen very nice used trucks and employs fifteen previously unemployed people, all selling tomatoes. He continues to work hard.  Time passes and at the end of the fifth year he owns a fleet of nice trucks and a warehouse that his wife supervises, plus two tomato farms that the boys manage. The tomato company's payroll has put hundreds of homeless and jobless people to work. His daughter reports that the business grossed over one million dollars.    Planning for the future, he decides to buy some life insurance.

Consulting with an insurance adviser, he picks an insurance plan to fit his new circumstances. Then the adviser asks him for his e-mail address in order to send the final documents electronically.    When the man replies that he doesn't have time to mess with a computer and has no e-mail address, the insurance man is stunned,    "What, you don't have e-mail? No computer? No Internet? Just think where you would be today if you'd had all of that five years ago!"

"Ha!" snorts the man. "If I'd had e-mail and the internet five years ago, I would be sweeping floors at Microsoft and making $5.35 an hour."

Which brings us to the moral of the story:    Since you got this story by e-mail, you're probably closer to being a janitor than a millionaire.

Sadly, I received it also.How many rich people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?



None. They hire people to do it for them.A blond and a red-head were planning to go to an amusement park.

When they got to the park the blond asks, "who will pay, You or me?".

So the red-head says, "I'll tell you what, you'll pay for entrance, and I'll pay for all the rides."  (The rides don't cost anything at all!)There once was a small jokester called Joey, who was visting at his Grandpa's.  Now Grandpa was rather short of temper, so after Joey had been standing in the doorway for 5 minutes, trying to decide whether or not to go outside, he said, ''Hurry up, now will you?''
Joey turned around and frowned.  ''Keep your hair on,'' he grumbled.  Seeing Grandpa's bald head, he giggled,  ''Opps!  To late!''In a slave market, an owner is showing his slaves for selling.
A man come to the shop and pointing to an American slave and asked, "how much he is?". The owner said, "$100". And the man pioint to a Russian slave, asked again, and the owner reply, "$1000". The man point  to Japanese slave, and the owner reply , "$10000".
Finally the man point to a  African slave and ask the price, the owner reply, "$100000".

The customer is confused and ask, "Why that black  slave cost too much?".
The owner reply, "His brain is still new, he never used his brain".
-----------------------------------

I don't mean to make someone feel bad.
Coz i am a afro-american :)What are you laughing at?  Your mom is a hooker!How many feet does a black rooster have?
How many wings does a black rooster have?
How many heads does a black rooster have?


How many hairs are on the back of a white cat?

Why is it that you know more about a black cock rather than a white pussy?Q. What do you call a blond, redneck lawyer?



A. Yo Momma!The best things in life are free and the worst things in life cost only $19.95.Yo Mama is so fat that when she has sex she has show directions!Bobby-Hey do you remember what the teacher said in fourth hour?

Jessica-?--------???

Bobby-Did you just have a blonde moment?So I have this great knock knock joke for you!


Knock Knock

Who's there?

Hello?

Hello who?

Hello?

Hello who!!?

Oh Hi?

Hey, I have this great knock knock joke for you!

Okay knock knock.

Who's there?

Hello?

Who's there!!!!!!??

The door slams.

Knock knock.  Ding Dong.

Fine.

Hello?

Hello?

Hello!!!?



*peacecylone*On a very busy high way there stood three images. Santa, The easter bunny and a smart mexican. Well who crossed the street first?


















None


There is no such thing as santa, the easter bunny, or a smart mexican.What's missing?

ch_ _ ch








 U R  

you areWhat is a robot's favorite food?

Nuts and bolts!Q. Where does a fish like to sleep?

A. In a river bed!Q.  Where do Comedians go if they are sick?

A.  To the He-He-Mergency room!Q.  Why was the Gum so mad in class?

A.   It was Chewed Out!Q.  What do you get when you cross a mosquito with a computer?

A.   A lot of Bytes!!!Q.  Why was the piano locked out?

A.  Because he had no keys!Q.  Who likes to make dinner for Peter Pan?


A.  Captain Cook!Q.  What do you call a cow that gives chocolate milk?


A.  An Utter Delight!Outside a small Macedonian village, close to the border between Greece and strife-torn Yugoslavia, a lone Catholic nun keeps a quiet watch over a silent convent.
She is the last caretaker of a site of significant historic developments. The convent once served as a base for the army of Attila the Hun. In more ancient times, a Greek temple to Eros, the god of love, occupied the hilltop site. The Huns are believed to have first collected and then destroyed a large gathering of Greek legal writs at the site. It is believed that Attila wanted to study the Greek legal system and had the writs and other documents brought to the temple. When the Greek Church took over the site in the 15th Century and the convent was built, church leaders ordered the pagan statue of Eros destroyed, so another ancient Greek treasure was lost. Today, there is only the lone sister, watching over the old Hun base.
And that's how it ends: No Huns, no writs, no Eros, and nun left on base.A man scolded his son for being so unruly and the child rebelled against his father. He got some of his clothes, his teddy bear and his piggy bank and proudly announced, "I'm running away from home!" 

The father calmly decided to look at the matter logically. "What if you get hungry?" he said. 

"Then I'll come home and eat!" bravely declared the child. "And what if you run out of money?" 

"I will come home and get some!" readily replied the child. 

The man then made a final attempt, "What if your clothes get dirty?" 

"Then I'll come home and let mommy wash them," was the reply. 

The man shook his head and exclaimed, "This kid is not running away from home, he's going off to college!"Why couldn't the Human Torch get married?

He couldn't find his Match!What do you call a stupid garbage can?

A Dumb-ster!What did the director say after making the Mummy Movie?

"It's a Wrap!"Q.  What always stays hot inside a refridgerator?

A.  Salsa!Mrs. Colter was explaining that there were rules for voting in the United States.

      "You have to be at least eighteen, you have to be a citizen, and-"

      John blurts out, "And you can't vote for democrats!"*



* All credit for this goes to John Rieger, who wouldn't shut up during sixth period.My little sister recently asked me:
"Why does the conductor of the band always wave his magic wand, but the  players never disappear?"No, of course it isn't.GEORGE W. BUSH PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARY
DESTROYED BY FLOOD Crawford, Texas (AP)




A tragic flood this morning destroyed the personal library of President George W. Bush. The flood began in the presidential bathroom where the books were kept. Both books have been lost. A presidential spokesman said the president was devastated, as he had almost finished coloring the second one. The White House tried to call FEMA but there was no answer.Q.  What little girl takes from the rich and gives to the poor?

A.  Little Red Robbin' Hood!Your mama is so fat because your mama's mama passed down genes!You're so fat you turn the world upside down!A priest and a rabbi are sitting in a park talking. A young boy walks by, the priest says "Hey, you want to screw him?" and the rabbi says "Out of what?"A man had just got to his hotel room with his newlywed wife on thier honeymoon. He said, "Let's screw." So they took off their clothes and got close and started kissing and the man said, "Wait, we don't have a condom, I'm not ready for kids yet." So the man called up the bellhop and asked him to bring up a condom. When the bellhop got their he said, "Here is your condom sir, would you like me to put it on your bill?"A cowboy an indian and a muslim were in an airport waiting for their flight. 

After some silence the indian says. "Once my people were many, now we are few."

Then the muslim says, "My people were many, we are still many," he turns to the cowboy, "Why do you think that is?"

The cowboy says, "Maybe that's 'cause we haven't played cowboys 'n' muslims yet.A woman walks into her accountant's office and tells him that she needs to file her taxes.

The accountant says: "Before we begin, I'll need to ask you a few questions." He gets her name, address, social security number, etc, and then asks, "what is your occupation?"

"I'm a whore," she says.

The accountant balks and says, "No, No, No, that won't work. That is too gross. Let's try to rephrase that." 

The woman says, "OK, I'm a high-end call girl."

"No, that is still too crude. Try again."

They both think for a minute, then the woman says, "I'm an elite chicken farmer." 

The accountant asks, "What does chicken farming have to do with being a whore & call girl?

"Well, I raised over a thousand little peckers last year."

He replies: "Good enough."Boudreaux's first military assignment was to a military induction center and because he was a good talker they assigned him the duty of advising new recruits about the government benefits, especially the GI insurance to which they were entitled.

Before long the Captain in charge of the induction center began noticing that Boudreaux was getting a 99% sign up for the top GI insurance. This was odd because it would cost these poor inductees nearly $30.00 per month more for their higher coverage than what the government was already granting.

The Captain decided that he would not ask Boudreaux about his selling techniques but that he would sit in the back of the room and observe  Boudreaux's sales pitch

Boudreaux stood up before his latest group of inductees and stated, "If you have da normal GI insurance and go to Iraq and get killed, the government pays your beneficiary $6,000. If you take out the supplemental GI insurance, which cost you only $30.00 a month, the government has to
pay your beneficiary $200,000."

"Now," Boudreaux concluded, "which bunch do you think they gonna send to Iraq first?"How do you plant dope?

Bury a blond.A blond was stuck on an island.  She could not get off, but there was an interesting structure on the island that intrigued her.  It was a building with a small hole running through the bottom of it, and a bit away from it was a small hole, about five inches in diameter.  She realized that there was no food on the island.  She was stuck there for two days when the intendent came out and said, "Ma'am, the pedestrians here would appreciate it if you would get off of the Western Golf Course for awhile."Yo momma's so fat, she sneezed and caused a hurricane!A mother explained to her daughter, "We didn't have TVs not to long time ago, sweetie."

She looks at her mother strangely and asks, "Then how did they play their VCR's?A doctor who had been seeing an 80-year-old woman for most of her life finally retired. At her next checkup, the new doctor asked her to bring a list of all the medicines that had been prescribed for her.

As the young doctor was looking through these, his eyes grew wide as he realized she had a prescription for birth control pills.

"Mrs. Smith, do you realize these are BIRTH CONTROL pills?"

"Yes, they help me sleep at night."

"Mrs. Smith, I assure you there is absolutely NOTHING in these that could possibly help you sleep!"

She reached out and patted the young Doctor's knee.

"Yes, dear, I know that. But every morning, I grind one up and mix it in the glass of orange juice that my 18 year old granddaughter drinks; believe me, it helps me sleep at night!"1. knock knock,
    who's there?
    Ima,
    Ima who?
    Ima hungry can we eat yet?
2. knock knock,
    who's there?
    peas,
    peas who?
    peas can we start know
3. knock knock,
    who's there?
    phil,
    phil who?
    phil my cup up with water pleaseHarvey's grandfather clock suddenly stops working right one day, so he loads it into his van and takes it to a clock repair shop. 

In the shop is a little old man who insists he is Swiss, and has a heavy German accent. He asks Harvey, "Vat sims to be ze problem?" 

Harvey says, "I'm not sure, but it doesn't go 'tick-tocktick -tock' anymore. Now it just goes 'tick...tick...tick.'" 

The old man says, "Mmm-Hm!" and steps behind the counter, where he rummages around a bit. He emerges with a huge flashlight and walks over the grandfather clock. 

He turns the flashlight on, and shines it directly into the clocks face. Then he says in a menacing voice, "Ve haf vays of making you tock!"rudeness - someone who keeps talking while your are trying to interrupt."Doctor, please hurry. My son swallowed a razor blade." 
"Don't panic, I'm coming immediately. Have you done anything yet?"
"Yeah, I shaved with the electric razor."TEACHER: John, how do you spell "crocodile"?
JOHN: "K-R-O-K-O-D-A-I-L." 
TEACHER: No, that's wrong.
JOHN: Maybe it's wrong, but you ask me how I spell it!SILVIA: Dad, can you write in the dark? 
FATHER: I think so. What do you want me to write?
SYLVIA: Your name on this report card.Of course you know they have changed the look of twenty dollar bills recently.

What happens to the old ones?

Bill Gates gets them!Pinocchio had a human girlfriend who would sometimes complain about splinters when they were having sex. 

Pinocchio, therefore, went to visit Gepetto to see if he could help. 

Gepetto suggested he try a little sandpaper wherever indicated and Pinocchio skipped away enlightened. 

A couple of weeks later, Gepetto saw Pinocchio bouncing happily through town and asked him, "How's the girlfriend?" 

Pinocchio replied, "Who needs a girlfriend?"From a brunette's point of view:
Blondes may have more fun but hey, at least we can read!Want to know a dirty joke? 

A white horse falls into a mud puddle. 

Wanna know a clean joke? 

The horse takes a shower.What do the letters "INRI" at the top of Jesus' cross stand for?

I'm Nailed Right In.Jesus sees a woman being assaulted by an angry crowd and steps in front of her and says, "let he who hath no sin cast the first stone."  
From the crowd comes a rock flying at the woman.  Jesus looks over and says, "Damn it mother, sometimes you really piss me off."A farmer is going down the road with his horse pulling his wagon and his dog lying next to 'em. The farmer says, "It sure is hot out here." The horse turns back and says, "It sure is." The farmer says, "I didn't know horses could talk." The dog said, "Neither did I."A guy was smoking a cigarette. 

Another guy comes up to him and asks, "Do you have an extra cigarette?" 

The first guy looks at the box and reads that it contains 20 cigarettes. 

He counts all the cigarettes in his box and says,"Nope, don't got any extra cigarettes".Who is Yo Momma? 

Yo Momma doesn't know.Over 75% of the jokes submitted to this site are duplicates. Please search the website before submitting a joke to make sure yours it is not already listed.

Before submitting your joke, please check it for spelling and grammatical errors because you will not be able to correct them later.

If this is your first time submitting a joke, please review the Style Guidelines.

Most importantly, do not use copyrighted jokes without the permission of the author.This is laziness!Two guys decided to go buy two pigs. So after they bought them they wanted to know which one was who's.

So they went to the barn but when they got there the two pigs were fighting. After they broke them up one pig was missing a ear. So one guy said, "What are we going to do now?" 

So after they thought about it for a while they went back to the barn. When they got there the pigs were fighting again. After they broke them up one pig was missing a tail. So the guy said, ''What now?''

After they thought about it for a while they went back to the barn. The pigs were fighting again. After they broke them up one pig was missing a leg. So the guy said, ''What now?'' The other guy said, "FUCK IT! I get the white one and you get the black one."A man was screaming into his phone saying "Can you hear me now?". Annoyed, a CIA offical said "Yes, we can hear you now!"To save a tree remove a Bush.What do you call a woman with one black eye?

A fast learner.When the end of the world arrives how will the media report it? 

USA Today: WE'RE DEAD 

The Wall Street Journal: DOW JONES PLUMMETS AS WORLD ENDS 

National Enquirer: O.J. AND NICOLE, TOGETHER AGAIN 

Microsoft Systems Journal: APPLE LOSES MARKET SHARE 

Victoria's Secret Catalog: OUR FINAL SALE 

Sports Illustrated: GAME OVER 

Wired: THE LAST NEW THING 

Rolling Stone: THE GRATEFUL DEAD REUNION TOUR 

Readers Digest: 'BYE 

Discover Magazine: HOW WILL THE EXTINCTION OF ALL LIFE AS WE KNOW IT AFFECT THE WAY WE VIEW THE COSMOS? 

Lady's Home Journal: LOSE 10 LBS BY JUDGMENT DAY WITH OUR NEW "ARMAGEDDON" DIET! 

America Online: SYSTEM TEMPORARILY DOWN. TRY CALLING BACK IN 15 MINUTES. 

Inc. magazine: TEN WAYS YOU CAN PROFIT FROM THE APOCALYPSE 

TIME magazine: RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FOR ETERNITYA crab and an ant lost their homes.  The crab says to the ant, "I'm going to find us a place to sleep tonight."  They're walking and the crab sees a naked lady walking towards them.  "Hey, ant.  You see that lady?  We're going to crawl up to her bush and go to sleep there tonight."  Once up there, the crab say's to the ant, "You see that door?  You go up there and sleep tonight and I'll sleep in her bush."  That night when they were asleep the lady had a guy friend come over and they had sex.

That morning the ant say to the crab, "How did you sleep, Crab?"  

The crab says, "Great.  How did you sleep, Ant?"

"Well," the ant says "in that door you sent me at about two o'clock in the morning, someone stuck there fist in there and beat my ass.  After that, they spit on me!"Yo momma so stupid she ties her shoes with spahgetti so she can eat and run.You know your are in Alaska when you go to court and they ask you where you were on the night of October to April!Yo momma so bald, I can read her mindCan a mane date the sister of his widow?

No, because you can't date when you are dead.Person #1: "Want to hear a joke?"
Person #2: "Sure."
Person #1: "Your face."

                              ~
Your momma is so fat, she is overweight.

                              ~
Two turds were hanging out. The first one was moaning and groaning. The second one asked, "What's wrong?" The first one replied, "I feel like crap."Once, there was a blonde who called her boyfriend and said, "Baby, I'm working on this puzzle and it's really hard. Can you come and help me?" He asked what it looked like and she replied saying that there was a tiger on the box. The boyfriend was convinced to come over and help. She welcomed him at the door and showed him the mess of pieces on her coffee table. After observing the peices, the boyfriend said, "Okay, sweetie, let's sit down, relax, have some coffee, then can we please put the frosted flakes back in the box?"D.A.R.E. sadly doesn't stand for Drugs Are Really Excellent.A juggler who was driving to his next performance was stopped by the police. "What are those knives doing in your car?" asked the officer. 

"I juggle them in my act." 

"Oh yeah?" says the cop. "Let's see you do it." So the juggler starts tossing and juggling the knives. 

A guy driving by sees this and says, "Wow, am I glad I quit drinking. Look at the test they're making you do now!"